"Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right.
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!" Rise up this mornin',
Smiled with the risin' sun,
Three little birds
Perch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true,
Sayin', ("This is my message to you-ou-ou:") Singin': "Don't worry 'bout a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
Singin': "Don't worry (don't worry) 'bout a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right!" Rise up this mornin',
Smiled with the risin' sun,
Three little birds
Perch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true,
Sayin', "This is my message to you-ou-ou:" Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh!
Every little thing gonna be all right. Don't worry!"
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing" - I won't worry!
"'Cause every little thing gonna be all right." Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right" - I won't worry!
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing,
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
Singin': "Don't worry about a thing, oh no!
'Cause every little thing gonna be all right! /fadeout/ Here is a little song I wrote
You might want to sing it note for note
Don't worry be happy
In every life we have some trouble
When you worry you make it double
Don't worry, be happy...... Ain't got no place to lay your head
Somebody came and took your bed
Don't worry, be happy
The land lord say your rent is late
He may have to litigate
Don't worry, be happy
Look at me I am happy
Don't worry, be happy
Here I give you my phone number
When you worry call me
I make you happy
Don't worry, be happy
Ain't got no cash, ain't got no style
Ain't got no girl to make you smile
But don't worry be happy
Cause when you worry
Your face will frown
And that will bring everybody down
So don't worry, be happy (now)..... There is this little song I wrote
I hope you learn it note for note
Like good little children
Don't worry, be happy
Listen to what I say
In your life expect some trouble
But when you worry
You make it double
Don't worry, be happy......
Don't worry don't do it, be happy
Put a smile on your face
Don't bring everybody down like this
Don't worry, it will soon pass
Whatever it is
Don't worry, be happy One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
Hear the children crying (One love)
Hear the children crying (One heart)
Sayin', "Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Sayin', "Let's get together and feel all right
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
There is one question I'd really love to ask (one heart)
Is there a place for the hopeless sinner
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own?
Believe me One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (one love)
So shall it be in the end (one heart)
Alright, give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right
One more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armageddon (one love)
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (one song)
Have pity on those whose chances grow thinner
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
I'm pleading to mankind (one love)
Oh, Lord (one heart) whoa Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right UH !Bad boys watcha gon,watcha gon,watcha gonna do?
When sherif John Brown come for you?
Let me! Whatcha wanna do? When they come for you? Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? When you were eight and you had bad dreams you go to school
And that's the golden rule,So why are you acting like a bloody fool
If you get hot then you must get cool! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down thas one,
You chuck it down thit one,
You chuck it down ya mother,
And ya chuck it down ya father,
Ya chuck it down a brother,
And ya chuck it down ya siter,
You chuck it down that one and you chuck it down Me! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Nobody hit ya over Break,
Pleas stop acting over Break,
No soldier man will give ya a break,
Then Your eyes would give you wits Hhh! Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you?(When they come for you?) Why did you have to act so mean?
Don't you know you're a human being?
Born of a mother with the love of a father,
Reflexion comes and reflexion goes,
I know sometime you wanna let go
hehehe i know sometime you wanna let go Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Your too bad,
your too rude,
your too bad,
your too rude, Bad boys,bad boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do?
When they come for you?Bad boys bad boys whatcha gonna do?
Whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you? You chuck it down that one,
you chuck it down this one,
you chuck it down ya mother,
and you chuck it down your brother and you chuck it down your sister
AND YOU CHUCK IT DOWN ME!! No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry. 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause, I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown,
Oba - obaserving the 'ypocrites
Mingle with the good people we meet.
Good friends we have, oh, good friends we've lost
Along the way.
In this great future, you can't forget your past,
So dry your tears, I seh. No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry.
'Ere, little darlin', don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. Said, said, said, I remember when-a we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown.
And then Georgie would make the fire lights,
As it was logwood burnin' through the nights.
Then we would cook cornmeal porridge,
Of which I'll share with you,
My feet is my only carriage,
So I've got to push on through.
While I'm gone Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right! So, no woman, no cry,
No, no, woman, woman, no cry.
I say, oh little oh little darling, don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. No woman, no woman, no woman, no cry
No woman, no cry, one more time I've to say
Oh little little darling, please don't shed no tears,
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry Old pirates, yes, they rob I,
Sold I to the merchant ships
Minutes after they took I
From the bottomless pit But my 'and was made strong
By the 'and of the Almighty
We forward in this generation
Triumphantly Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs Emancipate yourself from mental slavery
None but our self can free our minds
Have no fear for atomic energy
'Cause none of them can stop the time
How long shall they kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look?
Some say it's just a part of it
We've got to fulfill de book Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever have
Redemption songs
Redemption songs
Redemption songs Emancipate yourself from mental slavery
None but our self can free our mind
Have no fear for atomic energy
'Cause none of them can stop the time
How long shall dey kill our prophets
While we stand aside and look?
Some say it's just a part of it
We've got to fulfill de book Won't you help to sing
These songs of freedom?
'Cause all I ever had
Redemption songs
All I ever had
Redemption songs
These songs of freedom
Songs of freedom I want to love you
I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
We'll share the shelter, of my single bed
We'll share the same room
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'? I want to love you, and treat you right
I want to love you, every day and every night
We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads
We'll share the shelter, of my single bed
We'll share the same room
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'? Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
I want to know, want to know, want to know now Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
Is this love, is this love, is this love
Is this love that I'm feelin'?
I want to love you I'm gonna smoke'a de ganja until I go blind.
You know I smoke'a de ganja all a de time.
Smoke'a de ganja when I'm with friends.
We gonna smoke'a de ganja until the very end. Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun Smoke'a de ganja every day
Ya you gonn' smoke'a de ganja in many different ways
You can smoke'a de ganja in a big fat bowl or you can smoke'a de ganja in a bong
N' If ya' very lucky you can smoke it in a bong
When you smoke it in a bong, you are baked all night long Mista... Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun
Whoo-oo Ganja ganja
Whoo-oo Ganja gun (vocal solo) Don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singing' don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Rise up this mornin'
Smiled with the risin' sun
Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Saying', (this is my message to you) Singing' don't worry 'bout a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singing' don't worry (don't worry) 'bout a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Rise up this mornin'
Smiled with the risin' sun
Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singin' sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Sayin', this is my message to you Singin' don't worry about a thing, worry about a thing, oh
Every little thing gonna be alright, don't worry
Singin' don't worry about a thing, I won't worry
"'Cause every little thing gonna be alright Singin' don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright, I won't worry
Singin', don't worry about a thing
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright
Singin' don't worry about a thing, oh no
'Cause every little thing gonna be alright [Bob Marley (MC Lyte)]
We jammin' (Bob Marley, Bob Marley)
I wanna jam it with you
We jammin' (Bob Marley, Bob Marley)
I hope you like jammin' too [Bob Marley]
In rows or around, we can jam it anyhow
I'n'I, I will see you through
Everyday we pay the price, with a livin' sacrafice
Jammin' 'til the jam is through [Bob Marley]
We jammin', to think that jammin' was a thing of the past
We jammin and I hope the jam is gonna last [MC Lyte]
We jammin' on the for the daughters and sons
The struggle is not over until the battle is won
Hip-Hop is life but it ain't all to me
Now where would we be if they take our mics from we.
Or better yet strip on might itself
We done it before so I sit by the door
Those that claim but don't really know the game
Bob Marley, learn the man behind the name [Bob Marley]
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
Oh Holy Mount Zion
We see it in Mount Zion
And Rules all creation [Bob Marley]
Were jammin' [Repeats]
Hope you like jammin' to [Repeats] [MC Lyte]
J-A-Double M-I-N
We be jammin' from Brooklyn down to Kingston
We be jammin' in the name of the Lord sweet Allah
We no the blessings from above I and are be no rap star
Exodus when i bust,
See the struggle i must,
Realizing the just but whats next on the cusp
All soldiers of war steadily ignore
Still we ain't sure what the battle is for
Years ago when we toured
Ready to explore
Entered through back doors
Treated like stank manure
Spoke up for rights, we were cracked in the jaw
Elvis made a bundle while we remained poor
We remained poor
but we be jammin' I'n'I will see you through [Repeat: x2] MC Lyte]
Come along way but we're still not there yet [Bob Marley]
I'n'I will see you through
Jah knows the mighty cry, the truth it cannot hide
To keep you satisfied
Love that does exist, is the love i cant resist
So jam by my side We jammin'
and we're jammin' in the name of the lord
we're jammin' [Repeats]
we're jammin right straight from york
holy mount zion I'n'I will see you through [Repeats] Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
There was a Buffalo Soldier
In the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival I mean it, when I analyze these things
To me, it makes a lot of sense
How the dreadlock Rasta was the Buffalo Soldier
And he was taken from Africa, brought to America
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival Said he was a Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
Buffalo Soldier, in the heart of America If you know your history
Then you would know where you coming from
Then you wouldn't have to ask me
Who the heck do I think I am I'm just a Buffalo Soldier
In the heart of America
Stolen from Africa, brought to America
Said he was fighting on arrival
Fighting for survival
Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
Win the war for America Said he was a, woe yoy yoy, woe woe yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yo, yo yo woy yo, woe yoy yoy Woe yoe yoe, woe woe yoe yoe
Woe yoe yoe yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoe Buffalo Soldier, troddin' through the land woo ooh
Said he wanna ran, then you wanna hand
Troddin' through the land, yea, yea Said he was a Buffalo Soldier
Win the war for America
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Driven from the mainland
To the heart of the Caribbean Singing, woe yoy yoy, woe woe yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yo, yo yo woy yo woy yo yoy Woy yoy yoy, woy woy yoy yoy
Woy yoy yoy yo, yo yo woe yo woe yo yoy Troddin' through San Juan
In the arms of America
Troddin' through Jamaica, a Buffalo Soldier
Fighting on arrival, fighting for survival
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta Woe yoy yoy, woy woy yoy yoy
Woe yoy yoy yoy, yoy yoy woy yoy woy yoy yoy Oh, yeah, well, alright
We're jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', jammin'
And I hope you like jammin' too
Ain't no rules, ain't no vow
We can do it anyhow
I and I will see you through
'Cause every day we pay the price
With a little sacrifice
Jammin' till the jam is through We're jammin'
To think that jammin' was a thing of the past
We're jammin'
And I hope this jam is gonna last
No bullet can stop us now
We neither beg nor we won't bow
Neither can be bought nor sold
We all defend the right
Jah Jah children must unite
For life is worth much more than gold We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
And we're jammin' in the name of the Lord
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
We're jammin' right straight from yard
Singing Holy Mount Zion, Holy Mount Zion
Jah sitteth in Mount Zion and rules all creation
Yeah, we're jammin'
Bop-chu-wa-wa-wa We're jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
And Jamdown hope you're jammin', too
Jah knows how much I 'ave tried
The truth cannot hide
To keep you satisfied
True love that now exists
Is the love I can't resist
So jam by my side We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jammin'
I want to jam it with you
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
Hope you like jammin', too We're jammin', we're jammin'
We're jammin', we're jammin'
I want, I want, I want to jam with you now
We're jammin', we're jammin'
I hope you like jammin'
I hope you like jammin'
'Cause I want to jam it with you
I like I hope, I hope you like jammin' too
I wanna jam it, wanna jam it Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop How many times I've told you I love you?
But now you want to say that we are through
What more can I do?
What more can I say to you?
Now you're gone Do you remember that first night we met?
That was a moment I never will forget
Love was at first sight
You came walking through the pale,
Pale moonlight
Pale, pale moonlight Do you remember that first night we met?
That was a moment I'll never will forget
Love was at your first sight
You came walking through the p-p-pale, p-p-pale,
Pale moonlight
Pale, pale moonlight Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-wop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop
Doo, do-do-wop, choo-whop, choo-wop Don't you look at me so smug
And say I'm going bad.
Who are you to judge me
And the life that I live?
I know that I'm not perfect
And that I don't claim to be.
So before you point your fingers,
Be sure your hands are clean. Judge not
Before you judge yourself.
Judge not
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocking
And you may stumble too.
So while you talk about me,
someone else is judging you. (Saxophone solo) Judge not
Before you judge yourself.
Judge not
If you're not ready for judgement. Woah oh oh! The road of life is rocky
And you may stumble too.
So while you talk about me
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you,
Someone else is judging you.
(fadeout) I'm a rebel
Soul rebel
I'm a capturer
Soul adventurer See the morning sun, the morning sun
On the hillside
If you're not living good yeah, travel wide Said I'm a living man,
And I've got work to do.
If you're not happy, children
Then you must be blue (must be blue, must be blue)
People say I'm a rebel, let them talk,
Soul rebel, talk won't bother me.
I'm a capturer, that's what they say,
Soul adventurer, night and day
I'm a rebel (I am a rebel)
Soul rebel
Do you hear them lippy
I'm a capturer, gossip around the corner
Soul adventurer (how they adventure on me yo) But, see the morning sun
On the hillside
Not living good
Travel wide
You gotta travel wide
Said I'm a living man
I've got work to do
If you're not happy, then you must be blue I'm a rebel
Soul rebel
I'm a capturer
Soul adventurer
Do you hear me?
I'm a rebel (rebel in the morning)
Soul rebel, rebel at midday time One, two, three I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love From the very first time I blessed my eyes on you, girl
My heart says follow t'rough
But I know, now, that I'm way down on your line
But the waitin' feel is fine
So don't treat me like a puppet on a string
'Cause I know how to do my thing
Don't talk to me as if you think I'm dumb
I wanna know when you're gonna come, see I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
'Cause if summer is here
I'm still waiting there
Winter is here
And I'm still waiting there Like I said
It's been three years since I'm knockin' on your door
And I still can knock some more
Oh girl, ooh girl, is it feasible?
I wanna know now, for I to knock some more
Ya see, in life I know there's lots of grief
But your love is my relief
Tears in my eyes burn, tears in my eyes burn
While I'm waiting, while I'm waiting for my turn
See I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love I don't wanna wait in vain for your love, oh
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain
No, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain
No, I don't wanna (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna, I don't wanna wait in vain)
No I, no I (I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna, I don't wanna wait in vain)
It's your love that I'm waiting on (I don't wanna)
It's me love that you're running from. (I don't wanna wait in vain)
It's your love that I'm waiting on (I don't wanna)
It's me love that you're running from. (I don't wanna wait in vain)
I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna
I don't wanna wait in vain Stir it up, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, baby
Come on and stir it up, little darlin', stir it up. O-oh! It's been a long, long time, yeah! (Stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Since I've got you on my mind (oh-oh-oh-oh) Oh-oh!
Now you are here (stir it, stir it, stir it together), I said
It's so clear
To see what we could do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Just me and you Come on and stir it up, little darlin'!
Stir it up, come on, baby!
Come on and stir it up, yeah!
Little darlin', stir it up! O-oh! I'll push the wood (stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Then I blaze ya fire
Then I'll satisfy your heart's desire. (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Said, I stir it together (stir it, stir it, stir it together)
Every minute
All you got to do, baby, (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Is keep it in, and (Stir it up) oh, little darlin'
Stir it up, baby!
Come on and stir it up, oh-oh-oh!
Little darlin', stir it up! Wo-oh! Mm, now, now Quench me when I'm thirsty
Come on and cool me down, baby, when I'm hot (oh-oh-oh-oh)
Your recipe is, darlin' is so tasty
When you show and stir your pot So, stir it up, oh!
Little darlin', stir it up, wo, now!
Come on and stir it up, oh-ah!
Little darlin', stir it up! Oh, little darlin', stir it up. Come on, babe!
Come on and stir it up, wo-o-a!
Little darlin', stir it up! Stick with me, baby!
Come on, come on and stir it up, oh-oh!
Little darlin', stir it up, stir it, stir it, stir it, stir it,stir it Simmer down, you lickin' too hot, so
Simmer down, soon you'll get dropped, so
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, that why won't you, why won't you, why won't you simmer down
Simmer down.
Long time people dem used to say
What sweet nanny goat a go run him belly, so
Simmer down, oh control your temper
Simmer down, for the battle will be hotter
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, oh that I'm a leaving you today
Simmer down. Simmer down, oh you hear what I say
Simmer down, a that I'm leaving you today
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down. Chicken Mary, hawk de near and when him de near, you must beware, so
Simmer down, oh control your temper
Simmer down, for the battle will be hotter
Simmer down, and you won't get no supper
Simmer down, and you know you bound to suffer
Simmer down, simmer, simmer, simmer right down
Simmer down, like you never did before
Simmer down, oh, oh, oh
Simmer down, can you hear what I say
Simmer down, you lickin' too hot so
Simmer down, and you know soon you'll get dropped, so
Simmer down, why won't you simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down
Simmer down, simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, oh simmer, simmer down
Simmer down, like you never did before There she goes with the pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start
And ere I go once again
Through these lonely heartaches and pain That's all remain all remain
Now I know love is a guessin' game
She goes with the pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start Who's gonna put back the pieces to my broken heart
Once again, once again now I know this could be the end
And she gone with the pieces of my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start And here I go once again
Through these lonely heartaches and pain
That's all remain
Now I know this could be the end She goes with de pieces from my heart
There she goes and now my teardrops start
There she goes with the pieces from my heart Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that!
Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that! This is my heart:
To rock you steady;
I'll give you love
Time you're you ready.
This little heart in me
Just won't let me be;
I'm rockin';
Won't you rock with me? Long time we no have no nice time:
You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that! This is my heart:
To rock you steady;
I'll give you love
The time you're you ready.
This little heart in me
Just won't let me be;
I'm just-a rock this now;
Won't you rock wid me? A long - long - long - long time we no have no nice time: Thank ya, thank ya, babe!
(You-you doo-doo-doo, yeah: think about that!) Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved and be loved? Don't let them fool ya
Or even try to school ya, oh, no
We've got a mind of our own
So go to hell if what you're thinking is not right
Love would never leave us alone
A-yin the darkness there must come out to light Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (The road of life is rocky and you may stumble too
So while you point your fingers someone else is judging you)
Love your brotherman
(Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved?) Don't let them change ya, oh
Or even rearrange ya, oh, no
We've got a life to live
They say, only, only
Only the fittest of the fittest shall survive
Stay alive, eh Could you be loved and be loved?
Could you be loved, wo now, and be loved? (You ain't gonna miss your water until your well runs dry
No matter how you treat him, the man will never be satisfied)
Say something! (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?
Could you be, could you be loved)
Say something say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something say something (say something)
Say something say something (could you be loved?) say something
Say something reggae, reggae
Say something rockers, rockers
Say something reggae, reggae
Say something rockers, rockers
Say something (could you be loved?) say something, uh
Say something, come on
Say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be, could you be loved?)
Say something (could you be, could you be loved?) You said you love me;
I said I love you.
Why won't you stop your cryin'?
Dry your weeping eyes.
You know that I love you Groovin' Here I am,
Groovy Child
Come rub 'pon me belly
Like a guava jelly,
(Here I stand)
(Come rub it 'pon me belly)
Like a guava jelly) Verse 2
You say you need me
I say I need you,too
Baby Why don't, stop your cryin'
And dry your weeping eyes
You know I love you Chorus
Groovy , Here I am
(Come rub pon me belly)
Like a guava jelly),
Ooh baby here I am
Come rub pon me belly
Like a guava jelly Repeat/ adlib
Guava Guava jelly,
Guava Guava jeelly Until the philosophy
Which hold one race superior and another
Inferior
Is finally
And permanently
Discredited
And abandoned
Everywhere is war
Me say war That until there no longer
First class and second class citizens of any nation
Until the color of a man's skin
Is of no more significance than the color of his eyes
Me say war That until the basic human rights
Are equally guaranteed to all
Without regard to race
Dis a war That until that day
The dream of lasting peace,
World citizenship
Rule of international morality
Will remain in but a fleeting illusion to be pursued,
But never attained
Now everywhere is war
War And until the ignoble and unhappy regimes
That hold our brothers in Angola
In Mozambique
South Africa
Sub-human bondage
Have been toppled
Utterly destroyed
Well, everywhere is war
Me say war War in the east
War in the west
War up north
War down south
War war
Rumors of war
And until that day,
The African continent
Will not know peace,
We Africans will fight we find it necessary
And we know we shall win
As we are confident
In the victory Of good over evil
Good over evil, yeah
Good over evil
Good over evil, yeah
Good over evil Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight Preacher man, don't tell me
Heaven is under the earth
I know you don't know
What life is really worth
It's not all that glitters is gold
'Alf the story has never been told
So now you see the light, eh
Stand up for your rights, come on Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight
Get up, stand up, stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up, don't give up the fight Most people think
Great God will come from the skies
Take away everything
And make everybody feel high
But if you know what life is worth
You will look for yours on earth
And now you see the light
You stand up for your rights, jah Get up, stand up (Jah, Jah)
Stand up for your rights (oh-hoo)
Get up, stand up (get up, stand up)
Don't give up the fight (life is your right)
Get up, stand up (so we can't give up the fight)
Stand up for your right (Lord, Lord)
Get up, stand up (keep on struggling on)
Don't give up the fight (yeah) We sick an' tired of-a your ism-skism game
Dyin' 'n' goin' to heaven in-a Jesus' name, Lord
We know when we understand
Almighty God is a living man
You can fool some people sometimes
But you can't fool all the people all the time
So now we see the light (what you gonna do?)
We gonna stand up for our rights (yeah, yeah, yeah) So you better
Get up, stand up (in the morning, git it up)
Stand up for your rights (stand up for our rights)
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight (don't give it up, don't give it up)
Get up, stand up (get up, stand up)
Stand up for your rights (get up, stand up)
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight (get up, stand up)
Get up, stand up
Stand up for your rights
Get up, stand up
Don't give up the fight We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
The way you love-a me, huh! It's all right!
When you put your loving arms around me,
And you hold me tight, holding me tight This is my invitation
I got the special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to feel your vibration
At that soul shakedown party tonight
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Jane is in the back yard
Doing the outside dance
I'm telling you the other day,
She didn't even get a chance! But this is my invitation
A just-a special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to, just to, just to (vibration) just to
(Soul shakedown party tonight) Baby, I need you tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight! Hit it, brother, y'all! The way you love-a me, it's all right! (It's all right)
When you put your loving arms around me (arms around me),
And you hold me tight (holding me tight) This is my invitation
I got the special vacation
I need your concentration
Just to feel your vibration At that soul shakedown party tonight!
We gonna have a soul shakedown party tonight!
Swing with me, baby!
(Soul shakedown party tonight) It will be for two I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot no deputy
Oh, no, no
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot no deputy
Ooh All around in my hometown
They're tryin' to track me down
They say they want to bring me in guilty
For the life of a deputy
For the life of a deputy
But I say I shot the sheriff
(But I swear it was in self-defense) I swear it was in self-defense, yeah
It was I shot the sheriff
And they say it is a capital offense Sheriff John Brown always hated me
For what, I don't know
Every time I plant a seed
He said kill them before it grow
He said kill them before they grow
And so And so I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
It was I shot the sheriff
(But I didn't shoot the deputy) I didn't shoot the deputy, no, no Freedom came my way one day
And I started out of town, yeah
Then all of a sudden I saw sheriff John Brown
He was aiming to shoot I down
So I shot, yes, I shot, shot him down
And I say I-I-I-I shot the sheriff
Lord, I didn't shoot the deputy
(No, no, no)
It was I who shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy Reflexes had the better of me
And what is to be must be
Every day the bucket goes to the well
I say, one day the bottom a-go drop out
One day the bottom will drop out
And so
And so
Really sing I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
(No, no, no)
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy They just keep holdin' me
Won't let go
Holdin' me
Won't let go I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down They just keep teasin' me
And, you know, they play like they don't know
Provokin' me
But this is all I know I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Wee, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Oh, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama thema down
Oh, I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Said, I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down Holdin' me
Won't let go
Holdin' me
Won't let go I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To rama them down
I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down (I need a rammer) I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down I need a hammer, a hammer, a hammer, a hammer
To hammer them down
I need a rammer, a rammer, a rammer, a rammer
To ram them down She love to party, have a good time
She looks so hearty, feeling fine
She loves to smoke, sometime shiftin' coke
She'll be laughin' when there ain't no joke A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
Pimper's paradise, that's all she was
Every need got an ego to feed
Every need got an ego to feed She loves to model up in the latest fashion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
She's in the scramble and she moves with passion (oo-bee doo-be doo)
She's getting high (ooh), trying to fly the sky (oo-bee doo-be doo)
Eh, now she is bluesing when there ain't no blues Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, oh-ho-ho-ho-ho
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was now
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was Every need got an ego to feed
Every need got an ego to feed Wooh, a pimper's paradise, that's all she was now, wo-oo-o-oo, wo-oh
A pimper's paradise, that's all she was, well
A pimper's paradise, I'm sorry for the victim now
Oh, now soon their (pimper's paradise) soon their heads, soon their
Soon their very heads will bow
(Pimper's paradise) don't lose track, don't lose track of yourself, oh no
(Pimper's paradise) don't be just a stock, a stock on the shelf
Stock on the shelf, oh oh
(Pimper's paradise) that's all she was now, woo Dip for diplomatic;
'Yp for hypocratic;
Dry for dry-land tourist;
Tup for Topper Norris! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! Dem cut - cut - cut against 'em one another;
Cut - cut - cut against 'em one another.
Oh, them teach to love one another;
Oh, them teach to love one another. Man, go! Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum - come - come wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum-a - come-a - come-a wid a gravalicious;
Dem a rum-a - come - come-a wid a gravalicious. See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! Dip-a (for diplomatic);
A 'yp-a (for hypocratic);
Dry - dry - dry (for dry-land tourist);
A tup-pa - tup-pa - tup-pa (for Topper Norris)! See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh!
See de 'ypocrites, them a-galang deh! Man, go! One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
Though I just dropped by to let you know
That I'm leaving you tomorrow;
I'll cause you no more sorrow:
One cup of coffee, then I'll go. I brought the money like the lawyer said to do,
But it won't replace the 'eartache I caused you;
It won't take the place of lovin' you, I know,
So one cup of coffee, then I'll go.
---
/Saxophone solo/
---
Tell the kids I came last night
And kissed them while they slept;
Make my coffee sweet and warm
Just the way you used to lie in my arms. I brought the money like the lawyer said to do,
But it won't replace the 'eartache I caused you;
It won't take the place of lovin' you, I know,
So one cup of coffee, then I'll go;
One cup of coffee, then I'll go;
One cup of coffee, then I'll go.
/fadeout/ Sun is shining, the weather is sweet
Make you want to move your dancing feet
To the rescue, here I am
Want you to know ya, can you understang When the morning gather the rainbow
Want you to know I'm a rainbow too
To the rescue here I am
Want you to know ya,
Can you, can you, can you understand Sun is shining, the weather is sweet now
Make you want to move your dancing feet
To the rescue, here I am
Want you to know just if you can
Here I stand, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Can you understand me, now baby Do you believe me? The night seems to fade,
But the moonlight lingers on
There are wonders for everyone
The stars shine so bright,
But they`re fading after dawn
There is magic in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
The place I long to be
If I had the whole world
I would give it away
Just to see, the girls at play
Ooh, ooh, ooh And when I am king,
Surely I would need a queen
And a palace and everything, yeah
And now I am king,
And my queen will come at dawn
She`ll be waiting in kingston town (chorus) Oh kingston town,
The place I long to be
If I had the whole world
I would give it away
Just to see, the girls at play
Ooh, ooh, ooh And when I am king,
Surely I would need a queen
And a palace and everything, yeah
And now I am king,
And my queen will come at dawn
She`ll be waiting in kingston town Bado, scoobado, scoobado-bado-bado. Oh, wo-yo-yo-why! When the whole world lets you down
And there's nowhere for you to turn,
'Cause all of your best friends have let you down, do-o-own.
Then you try to accumulate,
But the whole world is full of hate,
So all of your best starts just drift into space. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on. And there is people like you, people like me
People need to be free.
And there's a place in the sun
Where there is love for everyone,
Where we can be, yeah. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on. Whe-e-e!
When the whole world let you down
And there's nowhere for you to turn,
'Cause all of your best friends, a-they have let you down, down-own-own.
Then you try to accumulate,
But the whole world is full of hate,
So all of your best starts just drift into space. I know a place where we can carry on.
I know a place where we can carry on.
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on,
We can carry on, we can carry on.
(fadeout) (Who-oo-oo-oo is Mr Brown?)
Mr. Brown is a clown who rides through town in a coffin
(Where he be found?)
In the coffin where there is three crows on top and two is laughing
Oh, what a confusion
Ooh, yeah, yeah
What a botheration, ooh, now, now
Who is Mr. Brown? I wanna know now
He is nowhere to be found From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
Upsetting, upsetting, upsetting the town
Asking for Mr. Brown
From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around
Upsetting, upsetting, upsetting the town
Asking for Mr. Brown I wanna know who ooh
(Is Mr. Brown)
Is Mr. Brown controlled by remote?
Oh, Calling duppy conqueror
I'm the ghost catcher
This is your chance, oh big, big Bill bull-bucka
Take your chance, prove yourself, oh, yeah Down in parade
People running like a masquerade
The police make a raid
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, think it fade What a thing in town
Crows, chauffeur driven around
Skankiness if they had never known
The man they call "Mr. Brown"
I can tell you where he's from now From Mandeville to Sligoville, coffin running around Woah-oh, ya-ya-ya-ya, oy-oh
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Oh (we'll be forever loving Jah)
(We'll be forever loving Jah) Some, they say, see them
Walking up the street
They say we're going wrong
To all the people we meet
But-a we won't worry
We won't shed no tears
We found a way
To cast away the fears, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, yes
And forever (we'll be forever loving Jah) there'll be no end So, old man river
Don't cry for me
I've got a running stream
Of love, you see
So, no matter what stages
Oh stages, stages, stages they put us through
We'll never be blue
No matter what rages
Oh rages, changes, rages they put us through
We'll never be blue
We'll be forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) forever, and ever
Yes, and forever (we'll be forever loving Jah) 'cause there is no end 'Cause only a fool
Lean upon, lean upon his own misunderstanding, oh, yeah
And then what has been hidden
From the wise and the prudent, been revealed to the babe and the suckling
In everything, in every day, I say, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) 'Cause just like a tree
Planted, planted by the rivers of water
That bringeth forth fruits
Bringeth forth fruits in due season
Everything in life got its purpose
Find its reason
In every season, forever, yeah (We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) on and on and on
(We'll be forever loving Jah) we'll be forever, yes, yes, we'll be forever
(We'll be forever loving Jah) One good thing about music, when it hits ya
(You feel no pain)
Wo-wo-wo, I say
One good thing about music, when it hits ya
(you feel no pain)
Hit me with music, yeah, hit me with music now! This is (Trench Town Rock) don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) big fish or sprat now
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
(Trench Town Rock) and only Jah-Jah know
(Trench Town Rock) I never turn my back
(Trench Town Rock) I give the slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) I never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) 'cause you got to tell Jah-Jah why
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve, now
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) oh no!
(No want you fe galang so) scaba-dip, scaba
(You want come cold I up) scaba-diba-dip, scaba-dip, scaba-dip
(But you can't come cold I up)
Wo-wo-wo, I'm a groover
And the world know by now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, y'all
Oh now, I say, you feel no pain now
One good thing about music
When it hits ya (you feel no pain) feel no pain
Hit me with music, now, wo now
Hit me with music now
Hit me with music, 'arder, brutalize me!
(Hit me with music!) This is (Trench Town Rock) I say don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) if you are big fish or sprat
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
(Trench Town Rock) I, everyone know now
(Trench Town Rock) don't turn your back!
(Trench Town Rock) I say, give a slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) or you got to tell Jah-Jah why
It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') it's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') I said, it's Kingston twelve now
(Groovin') wo-wo-wo-wo, it's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) since I told you that
(No want you fe galang so) we should live with love
(You want come cold I up) and I don't do that
(But you can't come cold I up) I look da now
And then it's Kingston twelve, uh!
Good God, look a-here now (you feel no pain) uh!
Hit me with music, yeah, come on (hit me with music)
(Hit me with music), oh my brother (hit me with music) brutalize me!
(Hit me with music) oh hurt me (hit me with music)
We can trash this ourselves!
(Hit me with music)
(Trench Town Rock) don't call no cop
(Rock) we can trash things ourselves
(Trench Town Rock) got no stacks on no shelves
But let me tell ya, behave yourselves!
(Trench Town Rock) Roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots Some are leaf
Some are branches
I and I are the roots Some are the dry wood
For the fire
Whoa, Look at that They need a dry wood
To cook their raw food
Whoa, look at that Got to survive
Inthis man maniac downpression
Got to survive
In iration They say roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots Some are wolf
In sheep's clothing
Whoa, look at that Many are called
A few are chosen
Whoa, look at that Nothing they can do
To separate I and I
From the love of our fathers You see, blood is thicker than water
Whoa, look at that Got to survive
In the ghetto
Got to survive
People .... Roots Natty roots
Dread Binghi dread
I and I are the roots
Roots Natty
Dread Binghi
I and I are the roots In this life, in this life, in this life
In this, oh sweet life
We're (we're coming in from the cold)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in)
We're coming in from the cold It's you, it's you, it's you I'm talkin' to
Well, you (it's you) you (it's you), you I'm talking to now
Why do you look so sad and forsaken
When one door is closed, don't you know another is open Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, dread, no
Would you make the system make you kill your brotherman?
(No, dread, no)
Would you make the system get on top of your head again?
(No, dread, no!)
Well, the biggest man you ever did see was was just a baby In this life (in this life)
In this (in this life, oh sweet life)
Coming in from the cold
We're coming in, we're coming (coming in), coming in-a (coming in)
Coming in (coming in), ooh (coming in)
Coming in from the cold It's life (it's life), it's life (it's life), it's life (it's life)
It's wa well, coming in from the cold
We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
Ooh (coming in), hey (coming in)
Coming in from the cold It's you, you, you I'm talking
Well, yes, you, bilyabong (it's you)
Ew, you I'm talking to now
Well, why do you look so, look so, look so sad
Look so sad and forsaken?
Don't you know, when one door is closed, when one door is closed
Many more is open? Well, would you let the system get on top of your head again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, dread, no
Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?
No, dread, no
Well, would you make the system get on top of your head again?
(No, dread, no) no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Well, the biggest, biggest man you ever, ever
Did-a see was-a was-a once a baby In this life, in this life, in this life
In this, oh, sweet life
We're (coming in from the cold) from the cold
We're coming in, we're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
Coming in (coming in), wooh, yeah
Coming in from the cold We're coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Coming in from the cold
Coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in)
(Coming in) (coming in)
(Coming in) from the from the cold So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world Bless my eyes this morning
Jah sun is on the rise once again
The way earthly things are going
Anything can happen You see men sailing on their ego trips
Blast off on their spaceships
Million miles from reality
No care for you, no care for me So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
All you've got to do is give a little (Give a little)
Give a little (Give a little)
Give a little (Give a little)
One more time yeah! (Give a little)
Yeah! (Give a little) yeah! (Give a little) yeah! So you think you've found the solution
But it's just another illusion
So before you check out this tide
Don't leave another cornerstone standing there behind
We've got to face the day
Ooh we come what may
We the street people talking
Yeah, we the people struggling Now they are sitting on a time bomb (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
Now I know the time has come (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
What goes on up is coming on down (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!)
Goes around and comes around (Bomb, bomb, bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb!) So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
So much trouble in the world
There is so much trouble, (So much trouble in the world)
There is so much trouble
There is so much trouble (So much in the world)
There is so much trouble
There is so much trouble in the world (So much trouble in the world)
There is (So much in the world) Ooh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah yeah)
Ooh yeah, yeah
They got so much things to say right now
They got so much things to say
They got so much things to say right now
They got so much things to say Eh! But I'll never forget no way
They crucified Jesus Christ
I'll never forget no way
They stole Marcus Garvey for rights ho-ooh!
I'll never forget no way
They turned their back on Paul Bogle
Hey! So don't you forget (no way) your youth
Who you are and where you stand in the struggle They go so very, so very, so very, so very, so very, so very
So very, so very, so very
Everything they say so much to say
They got so much things to say, so much things to say
I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood But spiritual wickedness in high and low places
So while they fight you down
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises
'Cause I and I no expect to be justified
By the laws of men, by the laws of men
Oh, true they have found me guilty
But brooh, through Jah proved my innocency Oh, when the rain fall, fall, fall now
It don't fall on one man's housetop
Remember that, when the rain fall
It don't fall on one man's housetop They singin' so very much, so very much, oh so very much
So so very
They got so much things to say right now
Yeah, they got so much things to say Hey, but I and I, I and I nah come to fight flesh and blood
But spiritual wickedness in 'igh and low places
So while, so while, so while they fight you down
Stand firm and give Jah thanks and praises
I and I no expect to be justified
By the laws of men, by the laws of men
Hey through God to prove my innocence
I told you wicked think they found me guilty They got la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
They la very much all the time So much things to say, rumor about
They got the rumor without humor
They don't know what they're doin', yeah Here I am, walking down the street (walk walk walk walk walk walk walk)
And the terrain, everything is so sweet (woah woah woah sweet, woah woah woah sweet)
I'm doing my thing and I'm doing it slow
But there is just one thing I would like you to know, oh When it wet it slippery, yeah
When it dump it crumpy
If it's likely you will tumble down
Don't want you on the ground
Oh, oh, oh, caution, the road is wet
Black soul is black as jet (do you hear me)
Caution the road is hot
You got to do better than that ('cause ah) When it wet it slippery (when it wet it slippery, yeha)
When it damp it crampy (when it damp it crampy)
If it's likely you were tumbling down
Don't want you on the ground, brother Hit me from the top
You crazy motherfunky
Hit me from the top
You crazy motherfunky
Hit me from the top
Crazy motherfunky When it wet it slippery, yeah
When it dumpy crumpy
If it's likely you were tumbling down
Don't want you on the ground (don't, don't)
Caution the road is wet
Black soul is black as jet (black soul)
Caution the road is hot
You got to do better than that Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me I've been accused for the killin'
Lord knows I didn't do
For hangin' me, they are willin', yeah, yeah
And that's why I've got to get on through
Lord, they're coming after me (a-one more time) Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me (Now, listen) I've got two boys and a woman
They're just gonna suffer now
Lord, forgive me for not goin' back
But I'll be there anyhow
I'll be there anyhow (one more time) (I say) Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Lord, I've got to get on down
Lord, I've got to keep on moving
Where I can't be found
Lord, they're coming after me Now, maybe someday I'll find a piece of land
Somewhere not by near anyone
Then I'll send for my love, love, love, love, sweet woman
And my two grown-up son
My two grown up-son (yeah, yeah, yeah) (I say now) Lord I've got to keep on moving (Oh, what a rat race!)
(Oh, what a rat race!)
(Oh, what a rat race!)
(This is the rat race!)
(Rat race!) Some a-lawful, some a-bastard, some a-jacket
Oh, what a rat race, yeah!
Rat race!
Some a gorgon-a, some a hooligan-a, some a guine-gog-a
In this 'ere rat race, yeah!
Rat race! I'm singin'
When the cat's away
The mice will play
Political violence fill ya city, yeah!
Don't involve rasta in your say say
I'm sayin'
Rasta don't work for no CIA Rat race
Rat race,
Rat race yeah!
Rat race
I'm sayin'
When you think it's peace and safety
A sudden destruction
Collective security for surety, yeah! Don't forget your history
Know your destiny
In the abundance of water
The fool is thirsty
Rat race
Rat race
Rat race Rat race!
Oh, it's a disgrace
To see the human race
In a rat race, yeah Rat race!
You got the horse race
You got the dog race
You got the human race
But this is a rat race, yeah
Rat race! Some a-chicken, some a-scatter
Some are budgies, some are bats
In this here rat race
Rat race Can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more. Wipe out the paintings of slogans
all over the streets (ooh, ooh, ooh),
confusing the people
while your asphalt burns our tired feet.
I see borders and barriers,
segregation, demonstration and riots (ooh, ooh, ooh),
a-sufferation of the refugees,
oh-oh, when, when will we be free? Oh-oh-oh, we can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites. /guitar solo/ So we know we can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
can't take your slogans no more,
no more sweet talk from-a pulpit,
no more sweet talk from the pulpit. No more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk from the hypocrites (oh, no hypocrites!),
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit (wo-ah yeah),
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (hey!),
no more sweet talk from-a grimepit,
no more sweet talk (no-no-no-no sweet talk) from the hypocrites (no-no-no-no hey!). Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
It's not warm when she's away
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And she's always gone to long
Anytime she goes away Wonder this time where she's gone
Wonder if she's gone to stay
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And this house just ain't no home
Anytime she goes away I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know Gotta leave the young thing alone
There ain't no sunshine when she's gone Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
Only darkness every day
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone
And this house just ain't no home Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away
Anytime she goes away Man to man is so unjust, children
You don't know who to trust
Your worst enemy could be your best friend
And your best friend your worst enemy Some will eat and drink with you
Then behind them su-su 'pon you
Only your friend know your secrets
So only he could reveal it And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Said I throw me corn (throw me corn)
Me no call no fowl (me no call no fowl)
I saying Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Ay Some will hate you, pretend they love you now
Then behind they try to eliminate you
But who Jah bless, no one curse
Thank God
We're past the worse Hypocrites and parasites
Will come up and take a bite
And if your night should turn to day
A lot of people would run away And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Who the cap fit
Let them wear it And then I'm gonna throw me corn (throw me corn)
And then I'm gonna call no fowl (call no fowl)
And then I'm gonna say Cok-cok-cok (Cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck) Some will eat and drink with you
Then behind them su-su 'pon you (su-su 'pon you)
And if night should turn to day
A lot of people will run away And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
And who the cap fit
Let them wear it
Throw me corn (Throw me corn)
Me no call no fowl (me no call no fowl)
I saying cok-cok-cok (cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck (Cluck-cluck-cluck)
I gotta cok-cok-cok (cok-cok-cok)
Cluck-cluck-cluck Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat)
Oh, please don't you rock my boat (don't rock my boat)
Cause I don't want my boat to be rockin' (don't rock my boat) I'm telling you that, oh, oh-oh,
I like it, like it this (I like it like this, I like it like this)
So keep it steady, like this. (I like it like this)
And you should know, you should know by now,
I like it (I like it like this), I like it like this
(I like it like this, I like it like this),
I like it like this, ooh yeah! (I like it like this) (Satisfy my soul) You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul)
You satisfy my soul (satisfy my soul).
Every little action (satisfy my soul),
There's a reaction (satisfy my soul).
Oh, can't you see what you've done for me, oh, yeah!
I am happy inside all - all of the time. When we (bend) bend a new corner,
I feel like a (sweep) sweepstake winner.
When I meet you around the corner (round the corner),
You make me feel like a sweepstake winner (a sweep, a sweepstake winner).
Whoa, child! Can't you see? You must believe me!
Oh darling, darling, I'm calling, calling:
Can't you see? Why won't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm calling, calling
(calling, calling, calling, calling) When I meet you around the corner,
Oh, I said, "Baby, never let me be a loner",
And then you hold me tight, you make me feel all right.
Yes, when you hold me tight, you made me feel all right. Whoa, honey, can't you see? Don't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin':
Can't you see? Why won't you believe me?
Oh, darling, darling, I'm callin', callin'
(calling, calling, calling, calling). Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul:
That's all I want you to do, that's all I'll take from you,
Satisfy my soul, satisfy my soul. De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up fallen fighters
Rise and take your stance again
'Tis he who fight and run away
Live to fight another day With de heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! As a man sow, shall he reap
And I know that talk is cheap
But the hotter the battle
A the sweeter Jah victory With the heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! De heathen back yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall! Rise up, fallen fighters
Rise and take your stance again
'Tis he who fight and run away
Live to fight another day De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back dey 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah, 'pon de wall!
De heathen back, yeah O-ooh, yea-ah, Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy! Wo-yoy-yoy-yoy!
Feel it in the one drop
And we'll still find time to rap
We're makin' the one stop,
The generation gap
Now feel this drumbeat
As it beats within,
Playin' a riddim,
Resisting against the system, ooh-wee! I know Jah's never let us down
Pull your rights from wrong
(I know Jah would never let us down)
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard (so hard)
Every day we got to keep on fighting (fighting)
They made their world so hard (so hard)
Every day the people are dyin' (dying), yeah!
(Dread, dread) For hunger (dread, dread) and starvation (dread, dread)
Lamentation (dread dread)
But read it in Revelation (dread, dread, dread, dread)
You'll find your redemption
And then you give us the teachings of his majesty
For we no want no devil philosophy
A you forgive us the teachings of his majesty
A we no want no devil philosophy Feel it in the one drop
And we still find time to rap
We're making the one stop
And we filling the gap
So feel this drumbeat
As it beats within
Playing a riddim, uh!
Fighting against ism and skism Singing! I know Jah's never let us down
Pull your rights from wrong
I know Jah's never let us down
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
They made their world so hard
Every day (we got to keep on fighting), every day
They made their world so hard
Every day (the people are dying), eh!
(Dread, dread, it dread, dread) Oh, whoa! Make dem a-go on so
(It dread on dread) Ah, whoa!
(Dread, dread) I'll walk (it dread, dread)
Ah, whoa! Frighten dem! Ah, whoa! Frighten dem, eh!
Give us the teachings of his majesty with a stick-up!
We no want no devil philosophy, can you hear?
Give us the teachings of his majesty
For we no want no devil philosophy We feel it in the one drop you're lucky!
For we still got time to rap,
And we're making the one stop
Let me tell ya this generation gap
So feel this drumbeat
I tell you what it's beating within
Feel you heart playing a rythmn There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
If you listen carefully now you will hear
This could be the first trumpet
Might as well be the last
Many more will have to suffer
Many more will have to die
Don't ask me why
Things are not the way they used to be
I won't tell no lie
One and all got to face reality now Though I try to find the answer
To all the questions they ask
Though I know it's impossible
To go living through the past
Don't tell no lie
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
Can't keep them down
If you listen carefully now you will hear
Such a natural mystic
Blowing through the air This could be the first trumpet
Might as well be the last
Many more will have to suffer
Many more will have to die
Don't ask me why
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air
I won't tell no lie
If you listen carefully now, you will hear
There's a natural mystic
Blowing through the air Exodus
Movement of Jah people, oh oh oh, yeah Men and people will fight ya down (tell me why)
When ya see Jah light. (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha)
Let me tell you if you're not wrong (then, why?)
Everything is all right
So we gonna walk, all right, through de roads of creation
We the generation (tell me why)
(Trod through great tribulation) trod through great tribulation Exodus, all right, movement of Jah people
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, all right
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah Yeah-yeah-yeah, well
Uh, open your eyes and look within
Are you satisfied (with the life you're living) uh
We know where we're going, uh
We know where we're from
We're leaving Babylon
We're going to our Father lan Two, three, four exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
(Movement of Jah people) send us another brother Moses
(Movement of Jah people) from across the Red Sea
(Movement of Jah people) send us another brother Moses
(Movement of Jah people) from across the Red Sea
(Movement of Jah people) Exodus, all right, oh, oh, oh
Movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
Exodus
Exodus, all right
Exodus, now, now, now, now
Exodus
Exodus, oh, yeah
Exodus
Exodus, all right
Exodus Move, move, move, move, move, move Open your eyes and look within
Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
We know where we're going
We know where we're from
We're leaving Babylon, y'all
We're going to our Father's land Exodus, all right, movement of Jah people
Exodus, movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, move Jah come to break down pression
Rule equality
Wipe away transgression
Set the captives free Exodus, all right, all right
Movement of Jah people, oh, yeah
Exodus, movement of Jah people, oh, now, now, now, now
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people
Movement of Jah people Move, move, move, move, move, move, uh-uh-uh-uh
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move(ment of Jah people)
Move Turn your lights down low
And pull your window curtain
Oh, let the moon come shining in
Into our life again
Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time
(Long, long time)
I got this message for you, girl
But it seems I was never on time
Did I wanna get through to you, girl?
On time, on time (word)
I want to give you some love
I want to give you some good, good loving
(Uh, uh, right, uh)
Oh I, oh I, oh I
Yeah, I want to give you some good, good loving (uh) Turn your lights down low
(Word, word, uh, uh)
Never ever try to resist, oh no
(Na, na, na, na)
Oh, let your love come shining in
(Na, na, na, na)
Into our lives again
(Na, na, na, na)
Saying ooh, I love you
(I love you, I love you)
And I want you to know right now
(Know right now)
Ooh, I love you
(Uh-uh, yeah, uh)
And I want you to know right now (uh)
That I, that I
I wanna give you some love (uh, yeah)
I wanna give you some good, good loving
Oh I, oh I, oh I
I wanna give you some good, good loving (yeah uh-uh) Loving you is a like a song I replay
Every three minutes and thirty seconds of every day (uh, uh)
And every chorus was written for us to recite (right)
Every beautiful melody of devotion every night
It's potion like this ocean that might carry me
In a wave of emotion to ask you to marry me
And every word, every second, and every third
Expresses the happiness more clearly than ever heard (uh)
And when I play 'em, every chord is a poem
Telling the Lord how grateful I am 'cause I know him (what? word)
The harmonies possess a sensation similar to your caress (uh)
If you asking then I'm telling you it's yes
Stand in love, take my hand in love, God bless (right) I want to give you some good, good loving
I want to give you some love
I want to give you some good, good loving
Oh I, oh I, oh I
I wanna give you some good, good loving Good, good, good loving
(I wanna give you some good loving) Ooooh, ooooh, oooh Send me that love,
I've been created for
As the sunshine is above, uh
There is someone for me, to love
Do you believe, me?
Can you, understand I'm crying
Baby baby, c'mon Need you so!
I'll never never let you go o-ho!
Baby, baby, c'mon.. Oh darling...
I need your love,
That's all I can say right here, now
Oh oh oh baby c'mon You know I need you so,
Oh darling I'll never never let you go.
Baby baby oh darling, c'mon
Uh uh uh I say: send me that love, oh darling
I've been created for
As the sunshine is above, uh uh we
There is someone who needs to love
Do you believe me? Oh darling, can you understand I'm crying,
Oh oh darling, baby baby, oh darling, oh darling I need you tonight
/fadeout/ Greetings in the name of his majesty, Emperor Haile Selassie I
Jah rastafari!
Ever-living, ever-feareful, ever-sure
Selassie I the first
Yeah
Yeah
Rastafari, ever-living
Rastman vibration, positive Rastaman vibration, yeah, positive
Live if you want to live
I'n'I vibration yeah, positive
Got to have a good vibe
I a man Iration, yeah, Irie ites
Positive vibration, yeah, positive If you get down and you quarrel everyday
You're saying prayers to the devils, I say, wooh
Why not help one another on the way?
Make it much easier (just a little bit easier) Say you just can't live that negative way
You know what I mean
Make way for the positive day
'Cause it's a new day
And it's a new time
Yes, it's a new feelin'
Said it's a new sign
Oh, what a new day Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us And I rastaman vibration, yeah, positive
I'n'I vibration yeah, positive
I a man Iration, yeah, Irie ites
Positive vibration, yeah, positive Just a little bit easier 'Cause it's a new day
And it's a new time
Said, it's a new feelin'
Said it's a new sign
Oh, what a new day Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Pickin' up?
Are you pickin' up now?
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us
Oh, Jah love, Jah love protect us One Love! One Heart!
Let's get together and feel all right.
Hear the children cryin' (One Love!);
Hear the children cryin' (One Heart!),
Sayin': give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Sayin': let's get together and feel all right. Wo wo-wo wo-wo! Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (One Love!);
There is one question I'd really love to ask (One Heart!):
Is there a place for the hopeless sinner,
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One Love! What about the one heart? One Heart!
What about - ? Let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (One Love!);
So shall it be in the end (One Heart!),
All right!
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right.
One more thing! Let's get together to fight this Holy Armagiddyon (One Love!),
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (One Song!).
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner;
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation. Sayin': One Love! What about the One Heart? (One Heart!)
What about the - ? Let's get together and feel all right.
I'm pleadin' to mankind! (One Love!);
Oh, Lord! (One Heart) Wo-ooh! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right.
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right;
Let's get together and feel all right. Feeling out, feeling down:
This feeling wouldn't leave me alone.
Then up came-a one that said (hey, Dread):
"Hey, Dread, fly, Natty Dread, and smile!" You're in Jamaica: C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, y'all!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, now!
In Jamaica, y'all. Soulful town, soulful people:
Said, I see you're having fun,
Dancin' to the reggae rhythm,
Oh, island in the sun:
Oh, smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, children!
(In Jamaica, y'all) We're gonna help our people, help them right;
Oh, Lord, help us tonight!
Cast away that evil spell;
Throw some water in the well,
And smile! (In Jamaica) C'mon and smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get things together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Riddim wise (wise),
Dub-a wise (wise),
And other wise (wise)
Can't criticize (-cize) our smile. (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, right now!
(In Jamaica) Get things together, right yow!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Help my people, help them right!
O Lord, help us tonight!
Cast away evil spell;
Throw some water in the well,
And smile! (In Jamaica) You're gonna smile!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Get it together, children!
(In Jamaica) Get things together, right yow!
(In Jamaica, y'all) Soulful town, soulful people,
Said, I know, I know that you're having fun! Easy skanking, skanking it easy
Easy skanking, skanking it slow
Easy skanking, skanking it easy
Easy skanking, skanking it slow Excuse me while I light my spliff (spliff)
Good God I gotta' take a lift (lift)
From reality I just can't drift (drift)
That's why I am staying with this riff (riff) Take it easy, easy skanking
Got to take it easy, easy skanking
Take it easy, easy skanking
Got to take it easy, easy skanking See we're taking it easy
We're taking it slow
We're taking it easy
Got to take it slow, So take it easy, easy skanking,
Take it easy, easy skanking
Take it easy skanking
Take it easy shanking Excuse me while I light my spliff
Oh God I gotta take a lift
From reality I just can't drift
That's why I'm staying with this riff Take it easy, taking it easy
Got to take it easy, taking it slow
Take it easy, taking it easy
Skanking take it easy, taking it slow Tell you what, herb for my wine
Honey for my strong drink
Herb for my wine, honey for my strong drink I'll take it easy, taking it easy
Skankers take it easy, skanking it slow
Take, it easy, taking it easy
Take it easy, skanking it slow
Take it easy, skanking it easy
Oh oh, skanking it slow
A little bit easier, taking it easy
Skanky take it easy, skanking it slow
Take it easy, take it easy, take it easy, take it easy Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me)
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me When the hurt is strong
And everything you do is wrong
You need someone to comfort you
Well, listen baby, I'll come first to you, so Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me If you need satisfaction
Listen baby, I've got the action
Where I am, that's where it's at
So, listen baby, it's tit for tat, so Try me (try me, try me)
Try me
Try me (try me, try me)
Try me Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh
Woo, woo-ooh, woo, woo, woo-ooh One more thing I'd like to say right here
Try me (try me, try me)
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Try me (try me, try me)
Need good lovin'
I'm black (try me) coming
Yes I'm black (try me) and I'm coming
Try me, try me One love, one heart
Let's get together and feel all right
Hear the children cryin' (one love)
Hear the children cryin' (one heart)
Sayin' give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Sayin' let's get together and feel all right Let them all pass all their dirty remarks (one love)
There is one question I'd really love to ask (one heart)
Is there a place for the hopeless sinners
Who has hurt all mankind just to save his own beliefs? One love, what about the one heart, one heart
What about, people, let's get together and feel all right
As it was in the beginning (one love)
So shall it be in the end (one heart)
All right! Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right, one more thing Let's get together to fight this Holy Armagiddyon (one love)
So when the Man comes there will be no, no doom (one song)
Have pity on those whose chances grows t'inner
There ain't no hiding place from the Father of Creation Sayin', one love, what about the one heart? (one heart)
What about the, let's get together and feel all right
I'm pleadin' to mankind (one love)
Oh, Lord (one heart) whoa Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will feel all right
Let's get together and feel all right Life is for man to live (let man live life)
Bread is for man to eat (let man eat bread)
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Everything ya run dung 'pon (x4) Come, we go reason now
Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now
(We deh go reason now) (x3) Where do you stand for happiness
When you no say you no want it
While some a dem (some a dem, some a dem) out deh, eh I bus dem shut right now
Fi get it
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism
Bread and pyaka, cut down pyaka-ism Woman feels the pain
Man suffer, Lord
Woman feels the pain
Man suffer, Lord Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now (x6)
Peeyah, peeyah, pyaka, come (x3)
Come-a come-a come-a, we go reason now (x4)
Bread and pyaka
Sister pyaka
Bread and pyaka
Sister pyaka
Cut down pyaka-ism
Cut down pyaka-ism Ziya-po ya-ya, pa-pa-ya-pa!
Ti-da-lee, na po-po pu-du-loo!
Ste-na-peh na-na po po-ro po! Africa unite
'Cause we're moving right out of Babylon
And we're going to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Before God and man, yeah
To see the unification of all Africans, yeah
As it's been said already
Let it be done, yeah
We are the children of the Rastaman
We are the children of the Iyaman So, Africa unite
'Cause the children (Africa unite) wanna come home, yeah
Africa unite
'Cause we're moving right out of Babylon
And we're grooving to our Father's land How good and how pleasant it would be
Before God and man
To see the unification of all Rastaman, yeah
As it's been said already, let it be done
I tell you who we are under the sun
We are the children of the Rastaman
We are the children of the Iyaman So, Africa unite
Afri, Africa unite, yeah!
Unite for the benefit (Africa unite) of your people!
Unite for it's later (Africa unite) than you think!
Unite for the benefit (Africa unite) of my children!
Unite for it's later (Africa uniting) than you think!
Africa awaits (Africa unite) its creators!
Africa awaiting (Africa uniting) its creator!
Africa, you're my (Africa unite) forefather cornerstone!
Unite for the Africans (Africa uniting) abroad!
Unite for the Africans (Africa unite) a yard! All twinklin' lee
Can't see the right roads when the streets are paved
The old slave men might grind slow
But it grinds fine, yeah African herbsman, why linger on?
Just concentrate, 'cause heaven lives on
Retired slave men will look with a scorn
With a transplanted heart (yes, how quick they had to part)
(how quick they had to part) The remembrance of today
Is the sad feelin' of tomorrow
(how quick) Oh (part), oh yeah African herbsman, seize your time
I'm takin' illusion on the edge of my mind
I'm takin' losers down through my life
Down through my life, yeah (yes, how quick they had to part)
(how quick they had to part) Dideh part, yes, they part
In remembrance of today
(how quick they had to part) African herbsman, why linger on?
Just concentrate, 'cause your heaven lives on
Greet-I-eth slave men will look with a scorn
With a transplanted heart, yes, how (quick they have to part)
(how quick they have to part) In remembrance of today
Brings sad feelings of tomorrow
(Yes, how quick they have to) Lead me on, oh, Lord, I pray to you (African herbsman) (African herbsman)
African, African herbsman Hear the words of the Rastaman say
"Babylon, you throne gone down, gone down
Babylon, you throne gone down" Said I hear the words of the Iyaman say
"Babylon, you throne gone down, gone down
Babylon, you throne gone down" And I hear the angel with the seven seals say
"Babylon throne gone down, gone down
Babylon throne gone down" I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
I say fly away home to Zion (fly away home)
One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home
One bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home
Say one bright morning when my work is over
Man will fly away home No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry. 'Cause, 'cause, 'cause, I remember when we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown,
Oba - obaserving the 'ypocrites
Mingle with the good people we meet.
Good friends we have, oh, good friends we've lost
Along the way.
In this great future, you can't forget your past,
So dry your tears, I seh. No, woman, no cry,
No, woman, no cry.
'Ere, little darlin', don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. Said, said, said, I remember when-a we used to sit
In the government yard in Trenchtown.
And then Georgie would make the fire lights,
As it was logwood burnin' through the nights.
Then we would cook cornmeal porridge,
Of which I'll share with you,
My feet is my only carriage,
So I've got to push on through.
While I'm gone Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right!
Everything's gonna be all right! So, no woman, no cry,
No, no, woman, woman, no cry.
I say, oh little oh little darling, don't shed no tears,
No, woman, no cry. No woman, no woman, no woman, no cry
No woman, no cry, one more time I've to say
Oh little little darling, please don't shed no tears,
No woman, no cry No woman, no woman, no cry You know that I love you,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
You know that I love you,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
I'd like to say:baby, you so nice:
I'd like to do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice.
I'd like to do the same thing twice.
I love you so much, so-o-o-
Love you - love you, baby, so much.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I live in the woods alone;
I need your (company) company.
Baby! Woods alone!
I need your company, yeah!
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me.
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me, yeah!
One more thing I'd like to say right here,
Baby, but you just won't let me.
I'd like to say: baby, you so nice:
Do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice;
I'd like to do the same thing twice;
I love you, baby, so much Dready got a job to do
And he's got to fulfill that mission
To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah!
But we will survive in this world of competition
'Cause no matter what they do
Natty keep on comin' through
And no matter what they say
Natty do them every day, yeah!
Natty dread rides again
Through the mystics of tomorrow
Natty dread rides again
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah! All and all you see a-gwan
Is to fight against Rastaman
So they build their world in great confusion
To force on us the devil's illusion
But the stone that the builder refuse
Shall be the head cornerstone
And no matter what game they play
We got something they could never take away
We got something they could never take away And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
That's burning down everything
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire)
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
No time to be deceived
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe
Jah say this judgement, it could never be with water
No water could put out this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there,
'Cause now the fire is out of control
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Everywhere this fire is burning,
Destroying and melting their gold,
Destroying and wasting their souls Go ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there! Tell you what now the people gather on the beach
And the leader try to make a speech
But the dreadies understandin' that it's too late
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Natty dread rides again (natty dread rides again)
And me say, go there, dready! Go there! (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride! (dread rides again)
And go there, dready! (go there, go there)
Ridin' through the storm,
Riding through the calm (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there!
Ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, do there! We refuse to be
What you wanted us to be
We are what we are
That's the way it's going to be, if you don't know
You can't educate I
For no equal opportunity (talkin' 'bout my freedom)
Talkin' 'bout my freedom
People freedom and liberty!
Yeah, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel!
Yes, we've been trodding on the winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel! Babylon system is the vampire, yea! (vampire)
Suckin' the children day by day, yeah!
Me say de Babylon system is the vampire, falling empire,
Suckin' the blood of the sufferers, yeah!
Building church and university, wooh, yeah!
Deceiving the people continually, yeah!
Me say them graduatin' thieves and murderers
Look out now they suckin' the blood of the sufferers (sufferers)
Yea! (sufferers) Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth right now!
Come on and tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Tell the children the truth
Come on and tell the children the truth 'Cause, 'cause we've been trodding on ya winepress much too long
Rebel, rebel!
And we've been takin' for granted much too long
Rebel, rebel! (Trodding on the winepress) Trodding on the winepress (rebel)
Got to rebel, y'all (rebel)
We've been trodding on the winepress much too long, yeah! (rebel)
Yeah! (rebel) Yeah! Yeah! From the very day we left the shores (trodding on the winepress)
Of our Father's land (rebel)
We've been trampled on (rebel)
Oh now! (takin' for granted) Lord, Lord You can't blame the youths
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths You're teaching youths to learn in the school
And that the cow jumped over moon
Teaching youths to learn in the school
And that the dish ran away with spoon So you can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths, not at all
You can't fool the youths You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about Marco Polo
And you said he was a very great man You teach the youths about the pirate Hawkins
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about the pirate Morgan
And you said he was a very great man So, you can't blame the youths, when they don't learn
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths When every Christmas come
You buy the youth a pretty toy gun
When every Christmas comes around
You buy the youth a fancy toy gun So, you can't blame the youths when they get bad
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths Said he was a very great man
Said he was a very great man You teach the youths about Christopher Columbus
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about Marco Polo
And you said he was a very great man You teach the youths about the pirate Hawkins
And you said he was a very great man
You teach the youths about the pirate Morgan
And you said he was a very great man So, you can't blame the youths
You can't fool the youths
You can't blame the youths of today
You can't fool the youths, yeah And you said he was a very great man The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone-a sing it brother
The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone You're a builder, baby
Here I am, a stone
Don't you pick and refuse me
'Cause the things people refuse
Are the things they should choose
Do you hear me?
Hear what I say! Stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone-a tell me why
The stone that the builder refuse, yeah!
Will always be the head cornerstone Here I am baby
I am, a builder's stone!
Don't you pick and refuse me, listen
The tings people refuse
Are the things they should use
Do you hear me
Hear what I say The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone that dem builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone The stone that the builder refuse
Will always be the head cornerstone
The stone Wohoo, said I'd never gonna give my love to nobody, but you baby (but you baby)
I'd never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) So love me (forever)
I said love me (forever)
Oh baby love me baby not just pleasure
Love me always forever
'Cause I love you
Scouldn't be better (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Right now! (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) So don't you never give your love to nobody but me baby (but me baby)
Don't you never give your love to no body but me baby (but me babe) Hey, all day (and all night)
I said all day (and all night)
Our love needs protection
Our love needs direction
I love you (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) I mean what I say (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Whoo, I'm never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) I'll never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
Never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Right now! (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) Oh, never gonna give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby)
I'll never give my love to nobody but you baby (but you baby) Love me (forever)
I said love me (forever)
Oh baby love me baby not just pleasure
Love me always forever
'Cause I love you
Baby now (Said I'm given my love to you baby
You've got my love, you've got my love) You must believe (Said I'm given my love to you baby) I mean what I say
(You've got my love, you've got my love) Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na;
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na Them belly full but we hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
You're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
We're gonna dance to JAH music, dance
Forget your troubles and dance
Forget your sorrow and dance
Forget your sickness and dance
Forget your weakness and dance
Cost of living get so high,
Rich and poor, they start a cry
Now the weak must get strong
They say, "Oh, what a tribulation" Them belly full but we hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
We're gonna chuck to JAH music, chuckin'
We're chuckin' to JAH music, we're chuckin' Chuckin'
Chuckin' Chuckin'
Chuckin' A belly full but them hungry
A hungry mob is a angry mob
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough A hungry man is a angry man
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough A pot a-cook but the food no 'nough
A rain a-fall but the dirt it tough;
A hungry mob is a angry mob A hungry man is a angry man 
			There must be some way out of here, said the joker to the thief
Theres too much confusion, I cant get no relief
Businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth
None of them along the line know what any of it is worth

No reason to get excited, the thief, he kindly spoke
There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke
But you and I, weve been through that, and this is not our fate
So let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late

All along the watchtower, princes kept the view
While all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too

Outside in the distance a wildcat did growl
Two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl										 
			Once upon a time you dressed so fine
You threw the bums a dime in your prime, didnt you?
Peopled call, say, Beware doll, youre bound to fall
You thought they were all kiddin you
You used to laugh about
Everybody that was hangin out
Now you dont talk so loud
Now you dont seem so proud
About having to be scrounging for your next meal

How does it feel
How does it feel
To be without a home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

Youve gone to the finest school all right, Miss Lonely
But you know you only used to get juiced in it
And nobody has ever taught you how to live on the street
And now you find out youre gonna have to get used to it
You said youd never compromise
With the mystery tramp, but now you realize
Hes not selling any alibis
As you stare into the vacuum of his eyes
And ask him do you want to make a deal?

How does it feel
How does it feel
To be on your own
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

You never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns
When they all come down and did tricks for you
You never understood that it aint no good
You shouldnt let other people get your kicks for you
You used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat
Who carried on his shoulder a Siamese cat
Aint it hard when you discover that
He really wasnt where its at
After he took from you everything he could steal

How does it feel
How does it feel
To be on your own
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?

Princess on the steeple and all the pretty people
Theyre drinkin, thinkin that they got it made
Exchanging all kinds of precious gifts and things
But youd better lift your diamond ring, youd better pawn it babe
You used to be so amused
At Napoleon in rags and the language that he used
Go to him now, he calls you, you cant refuse
When you got nothing, you got nothing to lose
Youre invisible now, you got no secrets to conceal

How does it feel
How does it feel
To be on your own
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?										 
			Oh God said to Abraham, Kill me a son
Abe says, Man, you must be puttin me on
God say, No. Abe say, What?
God say, You can do what you want Abe, but
The next time you see me comin you better run
Well Abe says, Where do you want this killin done?
God says, Out on Highway 61

Well Georgia Sam he had a bloody nose
Welfare Department they wouldnt give him no clothes
He asked poor Howard where can I go
Howard said theres only one place I know
Sam said tell me quick man I got to run
Ol Howard just pointed with his gun
And said that way down on Highway 61

Well Mack the Finger said to Louie the King
I got forty red, white and blue shoestrings
And a thousand telephones that dont ring
Do you know where I can get rid of these things
And Louie the King said let me think for a minute son
And he said yes I think it can be easily done
Just take everything down to Highway 61

Now the fifth daughter on the twelfth night
Told the first father that things werent right
My complexion she said is much too white
He said come here and step into the light, he says hmm youre right
Let me tell the second mother this has been done
But the second mother was with the seventh son
And they were both out on Highway 61

Now the rovin gambler he was very bored
He was tryin to create a next world war
He found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor
He said I never engaged in this kind of thing before
But yes I think it can be very easily done
Well just put some bleachers out in the sun
And have it on Highway 61										 
			Early one mornin the sun was shinin
I was layin in bed
Wondrin if shed changed at all
If her hair was still red
Her folks they said our lives together
Sure was gonna be rough
They never did like Mamas homemade dress
Papas bankbook wasnt big enough
And I was standin on the side of the road
Rain fallin on my shoes
Heading out for the East Coast
Lord knows Ive paid some dues gettin through
Tangled up in blue

She was married when we first met
Soon to be divorced
I helped her out of a jam, I guess
But I used a little too much force
We drove that car as far as we could
Abandoned it out West
Split up on a dark sad night
Both agreeing it was best
She turned around to look at me
As I was walkin away
I heard her say over my shoulder
Well meet again someday on the avenue
Tangled up in blue

I had a job in the great north woods
Working as a cook for a spell
But I never did like it all that much
And one day the ax just fell
So I drifted down to New Orleans
Where I happened to be employed
Workin for a while on a fishin boat
Right outside of Delacroix
But all the while I was alone
The past was close behind
I seen a lot of women
But she never escaped my mind, and I just grew
Tangled up in blue

She was workin in a topless place
And I stopped in for a beer
I just kept lookin at the side of her face
In the spotlight so clear
And later on as the crowd thinned out
Is just about to do the same
She was standing there in back of my chair
Said to me, Dont I know your name?
I muttered somethin underneath my breath
She studied the lines on my face
I must admit I felt a little uneasy
When she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe
Tangled up in blue

She lit a burner on the stove
And offered me a pipe
I thought youd never say hello, she said
You look like the silent type
Then she opened up a book of poems
And handed it to me
Written by an Italian poet
From the thirteenth century
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burnin coal
Pourin off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you
Tangled up in blue

I lived with them on Montague Street
In a basement down the stairs
There was music in the cafs at night
And revolution in the air
Then he started into dealing with slaves
And something inside of him died
She had to sell everything she owned
And froze up inside
And when finally the bottom fell out
I became withdrawn
The only thing I knew how to do
Was to keep on keepin on like a bird that flew
Tangled up in blue

So now Im goin back again
I got to get to her somehow
All the people we used to know
Theyre an illusion to me now
Some are mathematicians
Some are carpenters wives
Dont know how it all got started
I dont know what theyre doin with their lives
But me, Im still on the road
Headin for another joint
We always did feel the same
We just saw it from a different point of view
Tangled up in blue										 
			How many roads must a man walk down
Before you call him a man?
Yes, n how many seas must a white dove sail
Before she sleeps in the sand?
Yes, n how many times must the cannonballs fly
Before theyre forever banned?
The answer, my friend, is blowin in the wind
The answer is blowin in the wind

How many years can a mountain exist
Before its washed to the sea?
Yes, n how many years can some people exist
Before theyre allowed to be free?
Yes, n how many times can a man turn his head
Pretending he just doesnt see?
The answer, my friend, is blowin in the wind
The answer is blowin in the wind

How many times must a man look up
Before he can see the sky?
Yes, n how many ears must one man have
Before he can hear people cry?
Yes, n how many deaths will it take till he knows
That too many people have died?
The answer, my friend, is blowin in the wind
The answer is blowin in the wind										 
			You walk into the room
With your pencil in your hand
You see somebody naked
And you say, Who is that man?
You try so hard
But you dont understand
Just what youll say
When you get home

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You raise up your head
And you ask, Is this where it is?
And somebody points to you and says
Its his
And you say, Whats mine?
And somebody else says, Where what is?
And you say, Oh my God
Am I here all alone?

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You hand in your ticket
And you go watch the geek
Who immediately walks up to you
When he hears you speak
And says, How does it feel
To be such a freak?
And you say, Impossible
As he hands you a bone

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

You have many contacts
Among the lumberjacks
To get you facts
When someone attacks your imagination
But nobody has any respect
Anyway they already expect you
To just give a check
To tax-deductible charity organizations

Youve been with the professors
And theyve all liked your looks
With great lawyers you have
Discussed lepers and crooks
Youve been through all of
F. Scott Fitzgeralds books
Youre very well read
Its well known

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you
And then he kneels
He crosses himself
And then he clicks his high heels
And without further notice
He asks you how it feels
And he says, Here is your throat back
Thanks for the loan

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Now you see this one-eyed midget
Shouting the word NOW
And you say, For what reason?
And he says, How?
And you say, What does this mean?
And he screams back, Youre a cow
Give me some milk
Or else go home

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?

Well, you walk into the room
Like a camel and then you frown
You put your eyes in your pocket
And your nose on the ground
There ought to be a law
Against you comin around
You should be made
To wear earphones

Because something is happening here
But you dont know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones?										 
			I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more
No, I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more
Well, I wake in the morning
Fold my hands and pray for rain
I got a head full of ideas
That are drivin me insane
Its a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor
I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more

I aint gonna work for Maggies brother no more
No, I aint gonna work for Maggies brother no more
Well, he hands you a nickel
He hands you a dime
He asks you with a grin
If youre havin a good time
Then he fines you every time you slam the door
I aint gonna work for Maggies brother no more

I aint gonna work for Maggies pa no more
No, I aint gonna work for Maggies pa no more
Well, he puts his cigar
Out in your face just for kicks
His bedroom window
It is made out of bricks
The National Guard stands around his door
Ah, I aint gonna work for Maggies pa no more

I aint gonna work for Maggies ma no more
No, I aint gonna work for Maggies ma no more
Well, she talks to all the servants
About man and God and law
Everybody says
Shes the brains behind pa
Shes sixty-eight, but she says shes twenty-four
I aint gonna work for Maggies ma no more

I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more
No, I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more
Well, I try my best
To be just like I am
But everybody wants you
To be just like them
They sing while you slave and I just get bored
I aint gonna work on Maggies farm no more										 
			Well, theyll stone ya when youre trying to be so good
Theyll stone ya just a-like they said they would
Theyll stone ya when youre tryin to go home
Then theyll stone ya when youre there all alone
But I would not feel so all alone
Everybody must get stoned

Well, theyll stone ya when youre walkin long the street
Theyll stone ya when youre tryin to keep your seat
Theyll stone ya when youre walkin on the floor
Theyll stone ya when youre walkin to the door
But I would not feel so all alone
Everybody must get stoned

Theyll stone ya when youre at the breakfast table
Theyll stone ya when you are young and able
Theyll stone ya when youre tryin to make a buck
Theyll stone ya and then theyll say, good luck
Tell ya what, I would not feel so all alone
Everybody must get stoned

Well, theyll stone you and say that its the end
Then theyll stone you and then theyll come back again
Theyll stone you when youre riding in your car
Theyll stone you when youre playing your guitar
Yes, but I would not feel so all alone
Everybody must get stoned

Well, theyll stone you when you walk all alone
Theyll stone you when you are walking home
Theyll stone you and then say you are brave
Theyll stone you when you are set down in your grave
But I would not feel so all alone
Everybody must get stoned										 
			It aint no use to sit and wonder why, babe
It dont matter, anyhow
An it aint no use to sit and wonder why, babe
If you dont know by now
When your rooster crows at the break of dawn
Look out your window and Ill be gone
Youre the reason Im travlin on
Dont think twice, its all right

It aint no use in turnin on your light, babe
That light I never knowed
An it aint no use in turnin on your light, babe
Im on the dark side of the road
Still I wish there was somethin you would do or say
To try and make me change my mind and stay
We never did too much talkin anyway
So dont think twice, its all right

It aint no use in callin out my name, gal
Like you never did before
It aint no use in callin out my name, gal
I cant hear you anymore
Im a-thinkin and a-wondrin all the way down the road
I once loved a woman, a child Im told
I give her my heart but she wanted my soul
But dont think twice, its all right

Im walkin down that long, lonesome road, babe
Where Im bound, I cant tell
But goodbyes too good a word, gal
So Ill just say fare thee well
I aint sayin you treated me unkind
You could have done better but I dont mind
You just kinda wasted my precious time
But dont think twice, its all right										 
			Go way from my window
Leave at your own chosen speed
Im not the one you want, babe
Im not the one you need
You say youre lookin for someone
Never weak but always strong
To protect you an defend you
Whether you are right or wrong
Someone to open each and every door
But it aint me, babe
No, no, no, it aint me, babe
It aint me youre lookin for, babe

Go lightly from the ledge, babe
Go lightly on the ground
Im not the one you want, babe
I will only let you down
You say youre lookin for someone
Who will promise never to part
Someone to close his eyes for you
Someone to close his heart
Someone who will die for you an more
But it aint me, babe
No, no, no, it aint me, babe
It aint me youre lookin for, babe

Go melt back into the night, babe
Everything inside is made of stone
Theres nothing in here moving
An anyway Im not alone
You say youre lookin' for someone
Wholl pick you up each time you fall
To gather flowers constantly
An to come each time you call
A lover for your life an nothing more
But it aint me, babe
No, no, no, it aint me, babe
It aint me youre lookin for, babe										 
			Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
Im not sleepy and there is no place Im going to
Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle jangle morning Ill come followin you

Though I know that evenins empire has returned into sand
Vanished from my hand
Left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping
My weariness amazes me, Im branded on my feet
I have no one to meet
And the ancient empty streets too dead for dreaming

Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
Im not sleepy and there is no place Im going to
Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle jangle morning Ill come followin you

Take me on a trip upon your magic swirlin ship
My senses have been stripped, my hands cant feel to grip
My toes too numb to step
Wait only for my boot heels to be wanderin
Im ready to go anywhere, Im ready for to fade
Into my own parade, cast your dancing spell my way
I promise to go under it

Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
Im not sleepy and there is no place Im going to
Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle jangle morning Ill come followin you

Though you might hear laughin, spinnin, swingin madly across the sun
Its not aimed at anyone, its just escapin on the run
And but for the sky there are no fences facin
And if you hear vague traces of skippin reels of rhyme
To your tambourine in time, its just a ragged clown behind
I wouldnt pay it any mind
Its just a shadow youre seein that hes chasing

Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
Im not sleepy and there is no place Im going to
Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle jangle morning Ill come followin you

Then take me disappearin through the smoke rings of my mind
Down the foggy ruins of time, far past the frozen leaves
The haunted, frightened trees, out to the windy beach
Far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow
Yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free
Silhouetted by the sea, circled by the circus sands
With all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves
Let me forget about today until tomorrow

Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
Im not sleepy and there is no place Im going to
Hey! Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me
In the jingle jangle morning Ill come followin you										 
			Come you masters of war
You that build all the guns
You that build the death planes
You that build the big bombs
You that hide behind walls
You that hide behind desks
I just want you to know
I can see through your masks

You that never done nothin
But build to destroy
You play with my world
Like its your little toy
You put a gun in my hand
And you hide from my eyes
And you turn and run farther
When the fast bullets fly

Like Judas of old
You lie and deceive
A world war can be won
You want me to believe
But I see through your eyes
And I see through your brain
Like I see through the water
That runs down my drain

You fasten the triggers
For the others to fire
Then you set back and watch
When the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion
As young peoples blood
Flows out of their bodies
And is buried in the mud

Youve thrown the worst fear
That can ever be hurled
Fear to bring children
Into the world
For threatening my baby
Unborn and unnamed
You aint worth the blood
That runs in your veins

How much do I know
To talk out of turn
You might say that Im young
You might say Im unlearned
But theres one thing I know
Though Im younger than you
Even Jesus would never
Forgive what you do

Let me ask you one question
Is your money that good
Will it buy you forgiveness
Do you think that it could
I think you will find
When your death takes its toll
All the money you made
Will never buy back your soul

And I hope that you die
And your deathll come soon
I will follow your casket
In the pale afternoon
And Ill watch while youre lowered
Down to your deathbed
And Ill stand oer your grave
Til Im sure that youre dead										 
			Nobody feels any pain
Tonight as I stand inside the rain
Evrybody knows
That Babys got new clothes
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows
Have fallen from her curls
She takes just like a woman, yes, she does
She makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl

Queen Mary, shes my friend
Yes, I believe Ill go see her again
Nobody has to guess
That Baby cant be blessed
Till she sees finally that shes like all the rest
With her fog, her amphetamine and her pearls
She takes just like a woman, yes, she does
She makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl

It was raining from the first
And I was dying there of thirst
So I came in here
And your long-time curse hurts
But whats worse
Is this pain in here
I cant stay in here
Aint it clear that

I just cant fit
Yes, I believe its time for us to quit
When we meet again
Introduced as friends
Please dont let on that you knew me when
I was hungry and it was your world
Ah, you fake just like a woman, yes, you do
You make love just like a woman, yes, you do
Then you ache just like a woman
But you break just like a little girl										 
			Summer days, summer nights are gone
Summer days and the summer nights are gone
I know a place where theres still somethin going on

I got a house on a hill, I got hogs all out in the mud
I got a house on a hill, I got hogs out lying in the mud
Got a long-haired woman, she got royal Indian blood

Everybody get readylift your glasses and sing
Everybody get ready to lift your glasses and sing
Well, Im standin on the table, Im proposing a toast to the King

Well Im drivin in the flats in a Cadillac car
The girls all say, Youre a worn-out star
My pockets are loaded and Im spending every dime
How can you say you love someone else when you know its me all the time?

Well, the fogs so thick you cant spy the land
The fog is so thick that you cant even spy the land
What good are you anyway, if you cant stand up to some old businessman?

Wedding bells ringin, the choir is beginning to sing
Yes, the wedding bells are ringing and the choir is beginning to sing
What looks good in the day, at night is another thing

Shes looking into my eyes, shes holding my hand
Shes looking into my eyes, shes holding my hand
She says, You cant repeat the past. I say, You cant? What do you mean,
you cant? Of course you can.

Where do you come from? Where do you go?
Sorry thats nothin you would need to know
Well, my back has been to the wall for so long, it seems like its stuck
Why dont you break my heart one more time just for good luck

I got eight carburetors, boys Im using em all
Well, I got eight carburetors and boys, Im using em all
Im short on gas, my motors starting to stall

My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
I got my hammer ringin, pretty baby, but the nails aint goin down

You got something to say, speak or hold your peace
Well, you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace
If its information you want you can go get it from the police

Politician got on his jogging shoes
He must be running for office, got no time to lose
He been suckin the blood out of the genius of generosity
You been rolling your eyesyou been teasing me

Standing by Gods river, my soul is beginnin to shake
Standing by Gods river, my soul is beginnin to shake
Im countin on you love, to give me a break

Well, Im leaving in the morning as soon as the dark clouds lift
Yes, Im leaving in the morning just as soon as the dark clouds lift
Gonna break the roof inset fire to the place as a parting gift

Summer days, summer nights are gone
Summer days, summer nights are gone
I know a place where theres still somethin going on										 
			A worried man with a worried mind
No one in front of me and nothing behind
Theres a woman on my lap and shes drinking champagne
Got white skin, got assassins eyes
Im looking up into the sapphire-tinted skies
Im well dressed, waiting on the last train

Standing on the gallows with my head in a noose
Any minute now Im expecting all hell to break loose

People are crazy and times are strange
Im locked in tight, Im out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

This place aint doing me any good
Im in the wrong town, I should be in Hollywood
Just for a second there I thought I saw something move
Gonna take dancing lessons, do the jitterbug rag
Aint no shortcuts, gonna dress in drag
Only a fool in here would think hes got anything to prove

Lot of water under the bridge, lot of other stuff too
Dont get up gentlemen, Im only passing through

People are crazy and times are strange
Im locked in tight, Im out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

Ive been walking forty miles of bad road
If the Bible is right, the world will explode
Ive been trying to get as far away from myself as I can
Some things are too hot to touch
The human mind can only stand so much
You cant win with a losing hand

Feel like falling in love with the first woman I meet
Putting her in a wheelbarrow and wheeling her down the street

People are crazy and times are strange
Im locked in tight, Im out of range
I used to care, but things have changed

I hurt easy, I just dont show it
You can hurt someone and not even know it
The next sixty seconds could be like an eternity
Gonna get low down, gonna fly high
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie
Im in love with a woman who dont even appeal to me

Mr. Jinx and Miss Lucy, they jumped in the lake
Im not that eager to make a mistake

People are crazy and times are strange
Im locked in tight, Im out of range
I used to care, but things have changed										 
			Darkness at the break of noon
Shadows even the silver spoon
The handmade blade, the childs balloon
Eclipses both the sun and moon
To understand you know too soon
There is no sense in trying

Pointed threats, they bluff with scorn
Suicide remarks are torn
From the fools gold mouthpiece the hollow horn
Plays wasted words, proves to warn
That he not busy being born is busy dying

Temptations page flies out the door
You follow, find yourself at war
Watch waterfalls of pity roar
You feel to moan but unlike before
You discover that youd just be one more
Person crying

So dont fear if you hear
A foreign sound to your ear
Its alright, Ma, Im only sighing

As some warn victory, some downfall
Private reasons great or small
Can be seen in the eyes of those that call
To make all that should be killed to crawl
While others say dont hate nothing at all
Except hatred

Disillusioned words like bullets bark
As human gods aim for their mark
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark
Its easy to see without looking too far
That not much is really sacred

While preachers preach of evil fates
Teachers teach that knowledge waits
Can lead to hundred-dollar plates
Goodness hides behind its gates
But even the president of the United States
Sometimes must have to stand naked

An though the rules of the road have been lodged
Its only peoples games that you got to dodge
And its alright, Ma, I can make it

Advertising signs they con
You into thinking youre the one
That can do whats never been done
That can win whats never been won
Meantime life outside goes on
All around you

You lose yourself, you reappear
You suddenly find you got nothing to fear
Alone you stand with nobody near
When a trembling distant voice, unclear
Startles your sleeping ears to hear
That somebody thinks they really found you

A question in your nerves is lit
Yet you know there is no answer fit
To satisfy, insure you not to quit
To keep it in your mind and not forget
That it is not he or she or them or it
That you belong to

Although the masters make the rules
For the wise men and the fools
I got nothing, Ma, to live up to

For them that must obey authority
That they do not respect in any degree
Who despise their jobs, their destinies
Speak jealously of them that are free
Cultivate their flowers to be
Nothing more than something they invest in

While some on principles baptized
To strict party platform ties
Social clubs in drag disguise
Outsiders they can freely criticize
Tell nothing except who to idolize
And then say God bless him

While one who sings with his tongue on fire
Gargles in the rat race choir
Bent out of shape from societys pliers
Cares not to come up any higher
But rather get you down in the hole
That hes in

But I mean no harm nor put fault
On anyone that lives in a vault
But its alright, Ma, if I cant please him

Old lady judges watch people in pairs
Limited in sex, they dare
To push fake morals, insult and stare
While money doesnt talk, it swears
Obscenity, who really cares
Propaganda, all is phony

While them that defend what they cannot see
With a killers pride, security
It blows the minds most bitterly
For them that think deaths honesty
Wont fall upon them naturally
Life sometimes must get lonely

My eyes collide head-on with stuffed
Graveyards, false gods, I scuff
At pettiness which plays so rough
Walk upside-down inside handcuffs
Kick my legs to crash it off
Say okay, I have had enough, what else can you show me?

And if my thought-dreams could be seen
Theyd probably put my head in a guillotine
But its alright, Ma, its life, and life only										 
			Im walking through streets that are dead
Walking, walking with you in my head
My feet are so tired, my brain is so wired
And the clouds are weeping

Did I hear someone tell a lie?
Did I hear someones distant cry?
I spoke like a child; you destroyed me with a smile
While I was sleeping

Im sick of love but Im in the thick of it
This kind of love Im so sick of it

I see, I see lovers in the meadow
I see, I see silhouettes in the window
I watch them til theyre gone and they leave me hanging on
To a shadow

Im sick of love; I hear the clock tick
This kind of love; Im love sick

Sometimes the silence can be like the thunder
Sometimes I feel like Im being plowed under
Could you ever be true? I think of you
And I wonder

Im sick of love; I wish Id never met you
Im sick of love; Im trying to forget you

Just dont know what to do
Id give anything to be with you										 
			Oh, the ragman draws circles
Up and down the block
Id ask him what the matter was
But I know that he dont talk
And the ladies treat me kindly
And furnish me with tape
But deep inside my heart
I know I cant escape
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Well, Shakespeare, hes in the alley
With his pointed shoes and his bells
Speaking to some French girl
Who says she knows me well
And I would send a message
To find out if shes talked
But the post office has been stolen
And the mailbox is locked
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Mona tried to tell me
To stay away from the train line
She said that all the railroad men
Just drink up your blood like wine
An I said, Oh, I didnt know that
But then again, theres only one Ive met
An he just smoked my eyelids
An punched my cigarette
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Grandpa died last week
And now hes buried in the rocks
But everybody still talks about
How badly they were shocked
But me, I expected it to happen
I knew hed lost control
When he built a fire on Main Street
And shot it full of holes
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Now the senator came down here
Showing evryone his gun
Handing out free tickets
To the wedding of his son
An me, I nearly got busted
An wouldnt it be my luck
To get caught without a ticket
And be discovered beneath a truck
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Now the preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With twenty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest
But he cursed me when I proved it to him
Then I whispered, Not even you can hide
You see, youre just like me
I hope youre satisfied
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Now the rainman gave me two cures
Then he said, Jump right in
The one was Texas medicine
The other was just railroad gin
An like a fool I mixed them
An it strangled up my mind
An now people just get uglier
An I have no sense of time
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

When Ruthie says come see her
In her honky-tonk lagoon
Where I can watch her waltz for free
Neath her Panamanian moon
An I say, Aw come on now
You must know about my debutante
An she says, Your debutante just knows what you need
But I know what you want
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again

Now the bricks lay on Grand Street
Where the neon madmen climb
They all fall there so perfectly
It all seems so well timed
An here I sit so patiently
Waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of
Going through all these things twice
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile
With the Memphis blues again										 
			High water risinrisin night and day
All the gold and silver are bein' stolen away
Big Joe Turner lookin east and west
From the dark room of his mind
He made it to Kansas City
Twelfth Street and Vine
Nothin' standing there
High water everywhere

High water risin, the shacks are slidin down
Folks lose their possessionsfolks are leaving town
Bertha Mason shook itbroke it
Then she hung it on a wall
Says, Youre dancin with whom they tell you to
Or you dont dance at all
Its tough out there
High water everywhere

I got a cravin love for blazing speed
Got a hopped-up Mustang Ford
Jump into the wagon, love, throw your panties on the board
I can write you poems, make a strong man lose his mind
Im no pig without a wig
I hope you treat me kind
Things are breakin up out there
High water everywhere

High water risin, six inches bove my head
Coffins droppin in the street
Like balloons made out of lead
Water pourin into Vicksburg, dont know what Im goin' to do
Dont reach out for me, she said
Cant you see Im drownin too?
Its rough out there
High water everywhere

Well, George Lewis told the Englishman, the Italian and the Jew
You cant open your mind, boys
To every conceivable point of view
They got Charles Darwin trapped out there on Highway Five
Judge says to the High Sheriff,
I want him dead or alive
Either one, I dont care
High water everywhere

The Cuckoo is a pretty bird, she warbles as she flies
Im preachin the Word of God
Im puttin out your eyes
I asked Fat Nancy for somethin' to eat, she said, Take it off the shelf
As great as you are a man
Youll never be greater than yourself
I told her I didnt really care
High water everywhere

Im gettin up in the morningI believe Ill dust my broom
Keeping away from the women
Im givin em lots of room
Thunder rolling over Clarkesdale, everything is looking blue
I just cant be happy, love
Unless youre happy too
Its bad out there
High water everywhere										 
			They sat together in the park
As the evening sky grew dark
She looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones
Twas then he felt alone and wished that hed gone straight
And watched out for a simple twist of fate

They walked along by the old canal
A little confused, I remember well
And stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burnin bright
He felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train
Moving with a simple twist of fate

A saxophone someplace far off played
As she was walkin by the arcade
As the light bust through a beat-up shade where he was wakin up,
She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate
And forgot about a simple twist of fate

He woke up, the room was bare
He didnt see her anywhere
He told himself he didnt care, pushed the window open wide
Felt an emptiness inside to which he just could not relate
Brought on by a simple twist of fate

He hears the ticking of the clocks
And walks along with a parrot that talks
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in
Maybe shell pick him out again, how long must he wait
Once more for a simple twist of fate

People tell me its a sin
To know and feel too much within
I still believe she was my twin, but I lost the ring
She was born in spring, but I was born too late
Blame it on a simple twist of fate										 
			Come gather round people
Wherever you roam
And admit that the waters
Around you have grown
And accept it that soon
Youll be drenched to the bone
If your time to you is worth savin
Then you better start swimmin or youll sink like a stone
For the times they are a-changin

Come writers and critics
Who prophesize with your pen
And keep your eyes wide
The chance wont come again
And dont speak too soon
For the wheels still in spin
And theres no tellin who that its namin
For the loser now will be later to win
For the times they are a-changin

Come senators, congressmen
Please heed the call
Dont stand in the doorway
Dont block up the hall
For he that gets hurt
Will be he who has stalled
Theres a battle outside and it is ragin
Itll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls
For the times they are a-changin

Come mothers and fathers
Throughout the land
And dont criticize
What you cant understand
Your sons and your daughters
Are beyond your command
Your old road is rapidly agin
Please get out of the new one if you cant lend your hand
For the times they are a-changin

The line it is drawn
The curse it is cast
The slow one now
Will later be fast
As the present now
Will later be past
The order is rapidly fadin
And the first one now will later be last
For the times they are a-changin										 
			Well, Im stranded in the city that never sleeps
Some of these women they just give me the creeps
Im avoidin the Southside the best I can
These memories I got, they can strangle a man

Well I came ashore in the dead of the night
Lot of things can get in the way when youre tryin to do whats right
You dont understand itmy feelings for you
Youd be honest with me if only you knew

Im not sorry for nothin Ive done
Im glad I foughtI only wish wed won
The Siamese twins are comin to town
People cant waittheyre gathered around

When I left my home the sky split open wide
I never wanted to go back thereId rather have died
You dont understand itmy feelings for you
Youd be honest with me if only you knew

My woman got a face like a teddy bear
Shes tossin a baseball bat in the air
The meat is so tough you cant cut it with a sword
Im crashin my car, trunk first into the boards

You say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice
Well, Ill sell it to ya at a reduced price
You dont understand itmy feelings for you
Youd be honest with me, if only you knew

Some things are too terrible to be true
I wont come here no more if it bothers you
The Southern Pacific leaving me at nine forty-five
Im having a hard time believin some people were ever alive

Im stark naked, but I dont care
Im going off into the woods, Im huntin bare
You dont understand itmy feelings for you
Well, youd be honest with me if only you knew

Im here to create the new imperial empire
Im going to do whatever circumstances require
I care so much for youdidnt think that I could
I cant tell my heart that youre no good

Well, my parents they warned me not to waste my years
And I still got their advice oozing out of my ears
You dont understand itmy feelings for you
Well, youd be honest with me if only you knew										 
			Thunder on the mountain, fires on the moon
There's a ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon
Today's the day, gonna grab my trombone and blow
Well, there's hot stuff here and it's everywhere I go 

I was thinkin' 'bout Alicia Keys, couldn't keep from crying
When she was born in Hell's Kitchen, I was living down the line
I'm wondering where in the world Alicia Keys could be
I been looking for her even clear through Tennessee 

Feel like my soul is beginning to expand
Look into my heart and you will sort of understand
You brought me here, now you're trying to run me away
The writing's on the wall, come read it, come see what it say 

Thunder on the mountain, rolling like a drum
Gonna sleep over there, that's where the music coming from
I don't need any guide, I already know the way
Remember this, I'm your servant both night and day 

The pistols are poppin' and the power is down
I'd like to try somethin' but I'm so far from town
The sun keeps shinin' and the North Wind keeps picking up speed
Gonna forget about myself for a while, gonna go out and see what others need 

I've been sitting down studying the art of love
I think it will fit me like a glove
I want some real good woman to do just what I say
Everybody got to wonder what's the matter with this cruel world today 

Thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground
Gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down
Some sweet day I'll stand beside my king
I wouldn't betray your love or any other thing 

Gonna raise me an army, some tough sons of bitches
I'll recruit my army from the orphanages
I been to St. Herman's church and I've said my religious vows
I've sucked the milk out of a thousand cows 

I got the porkchops, she got the pie
She ain't no angel and neither am I
Shame on your greed, shame on your wicked schemes
I'll say this, I don't give a damn about your dreams 

Thunder on the mountain heavy as can be
Mean old twister bearing down on me
All the ladies of Washington scrambling to get out of town
Looks like something bad gonna happen, better roll your airplane down 

Everybody's going and I want to go too
Don't wanna take a chance with somebody new
I did all I could and I did it right there and then
I've already confessed  no need to confess again 

Gonna make a lot of money, gonna go up north
I'll plant and I'll harvest what the earth brings forth
The hammer's on the table, the pitchfork's on the shelf
For the love of God, you ought to take pity on yourself										 
			Stake my future on a hell of a past
Looks like tomorrow is coming on fast
Ain't complaining 'bout what I got
Seen better times, but who has not?

Silvio
Silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio
I gotta go
Find out something only dead men know

Honest as the next jade rolling that stone
When I come knocking don't throw me no bone
I'm an old boll weevil looking for a home
If you don't like it you can leave me alone

I can snap my fingers and require the rain
From a clear blue sky and turn it off again
I can stroke your body and relieve your pain
And charm the whistle off an evening train

I give what I got until I got no more
I take what I get until I even the score
You know I love you and furthermore
When it's time to go you got an open door

I can tell you fancy, I can tell you plain
You give something up for everything you gain
Since every pleasure's got an edge of pain
Pay for your ticket and don't complain

One of these days and it won't be long
Going down in the valley and sing my song
I will sing it loud and sing it strong
Let the echo decide if I was right or wrong

Silvio
Silver and gold
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
Silvio
I gotta go
Find out something only dead men know										 
			You must leave now, take what you need, you think will last
But whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun
Crying like a fire in the sun
Look out the saints are comin through
And its all over now, Baby Blue

The highway is for gamblers, better use your sense
Take what you have gathered from coincidence
The empty-handed painter from your streets
Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets
This sky, too, is folding under you
And its all over now, Baby Blue

All your seasick sailors, they are rowing home
All your reindeer armies, are all going home
The lover who just walked out your door
Has taken all his blankets from the floor
The carpet, too, is moving under you
And its all over now, Baby Blue

Leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you
Forget the dead youve left, they will not follow you
The vagabond whos rapping at your door
Is standing in the clothes that you once wore
Strike another match, go start anew
And its all over now, Baby Blue										 
			Well, if youre travelin in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
She once was a true love of mine

Well, if you go when the snowflakes storm
When the rivers freeze and summer ends
Please see if shes wearing a coat so warm
To keep her from the howlin winds

Please see for me if her hair hangs long,
If it rolls and flows all down her breast.
Please see for me if her hair hangs long,
Thats the way I remember her best.

Im a-wonderin if she remembers me at all
Many times Ive often prayed
In the darkness of my night
In the brightness of my day

So if youre travelin in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
She once was a true love of mine										 
			Well, I see you got your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat
Yes, I see you got your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat
Well, you must tell me, baby
How your head feels under somethin like that
Under your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, you look so pretty in it
Honey, can I jump on it sometime?
Yes, I just wanna see
If its really that expensive kind
You know it balances on your head
Just like a mattress balances
On a bottle of wine
Your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, if you wanna see the sun rise
Honey, I know where
Well go out and see it sometime
Well both just sit there and stare
Me with my belt
Wrapped around my head
And you just sittin there
In your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, I asked the doctor if I could see you
Its bad for your health, he said
Yes, I disobeyed his orders
I came to see you
But I found him there instead
You know, I dont mind him cheatin on me
But I sure wish hed take that off his head
Your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat

Well, I see you got a new boyfriend
You know, I never seen him before
Well, I saw him
Makin love to you
You forgot to close the garage door
You might think he loves you for your money
But I know what he really loves you for
Its your brand new leopard-skin pill-box hat										 
			Spirit on the water 
Darkness on the face of the deep
I keep thinking about you baby 
I can't hardly sleep 

I'm traveling by land 
Traveling through the dawn of day
You're always on my mind 
I can't stay away 

I'd forgotten about you
Then you turned up again
I always knew
That we were meant to be more than friends 

When you are near 
It's just as plain as it can be
I'm wild about you, gal 
You ought to be a fool about me 

Can't explain 
The sources of this hidden pain
You burned your way into my heart 
You got the key to my brain 

I've been trampling through mud
Praying to the powers above
I'm sweating blood
You got a face that begs for love 

Life without you 
Doesn't mean a thing to me
If I can't have you,
I'll throw my love into the deep blue sea

Sometimes I wonder 
Why you can't treat me right
You do good all day 
Then you do wrong all night 

When you're with me
I'm a thousand times happier than I could ever say
What does it matter 
What price I pay 

They brag about your sugar 
Brag about it all over town
Put some sugar in my bowl
I feel like laying down

I'm pale as a ghost
Holding a blossom on a stem
You ever seen a ghost? No
But you have heard of them

I see you there
I'm blinded by the colors I see
I take good care
Of what belongs to me

I hear your name
Ringing up and down the line
I'm saying it plain
These ties are strong enough to bind

Your sweet voice
Calls out from some old familiar shrine
I got no choice
Can't believe these things would ever fade from your mind

I could live forever
With you perfectly
You don't ever
Have to make a fuss over me

From East to West
Ever since the world began
I only mean it for the best
I want to be with you any way I can

I been in a brawl
Now I'm feeling the wall
I'm going away baby
I won't be back til fall

High on the hill 
You can carry all my thoughts with you
You've numbed my will
This love could tear me in two

I wanna be with you in paradise
And it seems so unfair
I can't go to paradise no more
I killed a man back there

You think I'm over the hill
You think I'm past my prime
Let me see what you got
We can have a whoppin' good time										 
			Whats the matter with me
I dont have much to say
Daylight sneakin through the window
And Im still in this all-night caf
Walkin to and fro beneath the moon
Out to where the trucks are rollin slow
To sit down on this bank of sand
And watch the river flow

Wish I was back in the city
Instead of this old bank of sand
With the sun beating down over the chimney tops
And the one I love so close at hand
If I had wings and I could fly
I know where I would go
But right now Ill just sit here so contentedly
And watch the river flow

People disagreeing on all just about everything, yeah
Makes you stop and all wonder why
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street
Who just couldnt help but cry
Oh, this ol river keeps on rollin, though
No matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow
And as long as it does Ill just sit here
And watch the river flow

People disagreeing everywhere you look
Makes you wanna stop and read a book
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street
That was really shook
But this ol river keeps on rollin, though
No matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow
And as long as it does Ill just sit here
And watch the river flow

Watch the river flow
Watchin the river flow
Watchin the river flow
But Ill sit down on this bank of sand
And watch the river flow										 
			May God bless and keep you always
May your wishes all come true
May you always do for others
And let others do for you
May you build a ladder to the stars
And climb on every rung
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young

May you grow up to be righteous
May you grow up to be true
May you always know the truth
And see the lights surrounding you
May you always be courageous
Stand upright and be strong
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young

May your hands always be busy
May your feet always be swift
May you have a strong foundation
When the winds of changes shift
May your heart always be joyful
May your song always be sung
May you stay forever young
Forever young, forever young
May you stay forever young										 
			Shes got everything she needs
Shes an artist, she dont look back
Shes got everything she needs
Shes an artist, she dont look back
She can take the dark out of the nighttime
And paint the daytime black

You will start out standing
Proud to steal her anything she sees
You will start out standing
Proud to steal her anything she sees
But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole
Down upon your knees

She never stumbles
Shes got no place to fall
She never stumbles
Shes got no place to fall
Shes nobodys child
The Law cant touch her at all

She wears an Egyptian ring
That sparkles before she speaks
She wears an Egyptian ring
That sparkles before she speaks
Shes a hypnotist collector
You are a walking antique

Bow down to her on Sunday
Salute her when her birthday comes
Bow down to her on Sunday
Salute her when her birthday comes
For Halloween give her a trumpet
And for Christmas, buy her a drum										 
			They say evrything can be replaced
Yet evry distance is not near
So I remember evry face
Of evry man who put me here
I see my light come shining
From the west unto the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released

They say evry man needs protection
They say evry man must fall
Yet I swear I see my reflection
Some place so high above this wall
I see my light come shining
From the west unto the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released

Standing next to me in this lonely crowd
Is a man who swears hes not to blame
All day long I hear him shout so loud
Crying out that he was framed
I see my light come shining
From the west unto the east
Any day now, any day now
I shall be released										 
			Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee
Theyre throwing knives into the tree
Two big bags of dead mans bones
Got their noses to the grindstones

Living in the Land of Nod
Trustin their fate to the Hands of God
They pass by so silently
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, theyre going to the country, theyre gonna retire
Theyre taking a street car named Desire
Looking in the window at the pecan pie
Lot of things theyd like they would never buy

Neither one gonna turn and run
Theyre making a voyage to the sun
His Masters voice is calling me
Says Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee

Tweedle-dee Dee and Tweedle-dee Dum
All that and more and then some
They walk among the stately trees
They know the secrets of the breeze

Tweedle-dee Dum said to Tweedle-dee Dee
Your presence is obnoxious to me
Theyre like babies sittin on a womans knee
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, the rain beating down on my window pane
I got love for you and its all in vain
Brains in the pot, theyre beginning to boil
Theyre dripping with garlic and olive oil

Tweedle-dee Deehes on his hands and his knees
Saying, Throw me somethin, Mister, please
Whats good for you is good for me
Says Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee

Well, theyre living in a happy harmony
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee
Theyre one day older and a dollar short
Theyve got a parade permit and a police escort

Theyre lying low and theyre makin hay
They seem determined to go all the way
They run a brick-and-tile company
Tweedle-dee Dum and Tweedle-dee Dee

Well a childish dream is a deathless need
And a noble truth is a sacred dream
My pretty baby, shes lookin around
Shes wearin a multi-thousand dollar gown

Tweedle-dee Dee is a lowdown, sorry old man
Tweedle-dee Dum, hell stab you where you stand
Ive had too much of your company,
Says Tweedle-dee Dum to Tweedle-dee Dee										 
			Theyre selling postcards of the hanging
Theyre painting the passports brown
The beauty parlor is filled with sailors
The circus is in town
Here comes the blind commissioner
Theyve got him in a trance
One hand is tied to the tight-rope walker
The other is in his pants
And the riot squad theyre restless
They need somewhere to go
As Lady and I look out tonight
From Desolation Row

Cinderella, she seems so easy
It takes one to know one, she smiles
And puts her hands in her back pockets
Bette Davis style
And in comes Romeo, hes moaning
You Belong to Me I Believe
And someone says, Youre in the wrong place my friend
You better leave
And the only sound thats left
After the ambulances go
Is Cinderella sweeping up
On Desolation Row

Now the moon is almost hidden
The stars are beginning to hide
The fortune-telling lady
Has even taken all her things inside
All except for Cain and Abel
And the hunchback of Notre Dame
Everybody is making love
Or else expecting rain
And the Good Samaritan, hes dressing
Hes getting ready for the show
Hes going to the carnival tonight
On Desolation Row

Now Ophelia, shes neath the window
For her I feel so afraid
On her twenty-second birthday
She already is an old maid
To her, death is quite romantic
She wears an iron vest
Her professions her religion
Her sin is her lifelessness
And though her eyes are fixed upon
Noahs great rainbow
She spends her time peeking
Into Desolation Row

Einstein, disguised as Robin Hood
With his memories in a trunk
Passed this way an hour ago
With his friend, a jealous monk
He looked so immaculately frightful
As he bummed a cigarette
Then he went off sniffing drainpipes
And reciting the alphabet
Now you would not think to look at him
But he was famous long ago
For playing the electric violin
On Desolation Row

Dr. Filth, he keeps his world
Inside of a leather cup
But all his sexless patients
Theyre trying to blow it up
Now his nurse, some local loser
Shes in charge of the cyanide hole
And she also keeps the cards that read
Have Mercy on His Soul
They all play on pennywhistles
You can hear them blow
If you lean your head out far enough
From Desolation Row

Across the street theyve nailed the curtains
Theyre getting ready for the feast
The Phantom of the Opera
A perfect image of a priest
Theyre spoonfeeding Casanova
To get him to feel more assured
Then theyll kill him with self-confidence
After poisoning him with words
And the Phantoms shouting to skinny girls
Get Outa Here If You Dont Know
Casanova is just being punished for going
To Desolation Row

Now at midnight all the agents
And the superhuman crew
Come out and round up everyone
That knows more than they do
Then they bring them to the factory
Where the heart-attack machine
Is strapped across their shoulders
And then the kerosene
Is brought down from the castles
By insurance men who go
Check to see that nobody is escaping
To Desolation Row

Praise be to Neros Neptune
The Titanic sails at dawn
And everybodys shouting
Which Side Are You On?
And Ezra Pound and T. S. Eliot
Fighting in the captains tower
While calypso singers laugh at them
And fishermen hold flowers
Between the windows of the sea
Where lovely mermaids flow
And nobody has to think too much
About Desolation Row

Yes, I received your letter yesterday
(About the time the doorknob broke)
When you asked how I was doing
Was that some kind of joke?
All these people that you mention
Yes, I know them, theyre quite lame
I had to rearrange their faces
And give them all another name
Right now I cant read too good
Dont send me no more letters, no
Not unless you mail them
From Desolation Row										 
			Mama, take this badge off of me
I cant use it anymore
Its gettin dark, too dark for me to see
I feel like Im knockin on heavens door

Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door

Mama, put my guns in the ground
I cant shoot them anymore
That long black cloud is comin down
I feel like Im knockin on heavens door

Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
Knock, knock, knockin on heavens door										 
			Oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son?
Oh, where have you been, my darling young one?
Ive stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains
Ive walked and Ive crawled on six crooked highways
Ive stepped in the middle of seven sad forests
Ive been out in front of a dozen dead oceans
Ive been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard
And its a hard, and its a hard, its a hard, and its a hard
And its a hard rains a-gonna fall

Oh, what did you see, my blue-eyed son?
Oh, what did you see, my darling young one?
I saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it
I saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it
I saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin
I saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleedin
I saw a white ladder all covered with water
I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken
I saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children
And its a hard, and its a hard, its a hard, its a hard
And its a hard rains a-gonna fall

And what did you hear, my blue-eyed son?
And what did you hear, my darling young one?
I heard the sound of a thunder, it roared out a warnin
Heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world
Heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazin
Heard ten thousand whisperin and nobody listenin
Heard one person starve, I heard many people laughin
Heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter
Heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley
And its a hard, and its a hard, its a hard, its a hard
And its a hard rains a-gonna fall

Oh, who did you meet, my blue-eyed son?
Who did you meet, my darling young one?
I met a young child beside a dead pony
I met a white man who walked a black dog
I met a young woman whose body was burning
I met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow
I met one man who was wounded in love
I met another man who was wounded with hatred
And its a hard, its a hard, its a hard, its a hard
Its a hard rains a-gonna fall

Oh, whatll you do now, my blue-eyed son?
Oh, whatll you do now, my darling young one?
Im a-goin back out fore the rain starts a-fallin
Ill walk to the depths of the deepest black forest
Where the people are many and their hands are all empty
Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters
Where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison
Where the executioners face is always well hidden
Where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten
Where black is the color, where none is the number
And Ill tell it and think it and speak it and breathe it
And reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it
Then Ill stand on the ocean until I start sinkin
But Ill know my song well before I start singin
And its a hard, its a hard, its a hard, its a hard
Its a hard rains a-gonna fall										 
			Close your eyes, close the door
You dont have to worry anymore
Ill be your baby tonight

Shut the light, shut the shade
You dont have to be afraid
Ill be your baby tonight

Well, that mockingbirds gonna sail away
Were gonna forget it
That big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon
But were gonna let it
You wont regret it

Kick your shoes off, do not fear
Bring that bottle over here
Ill be your baby tonight										 
			Im beginning to hear voices and theres no one around
Well, Im all used up and the fields have turned brown
I went to church on Sunday and she passed by
My love for her is taking such a long time to die

Im waist deep, waist deep in the mist
Its almost like, almost like I dont exist
Im twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

The walls of pride are high and wide
Cant see over to the other side
Its such a sad thing to see beauty decay
Its sadder still to feel your heart torn away

One look at you and Im out of control
Like the universe has swallowed me whole
Im twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

Theres too many people, too many to recall
I thought some of m were friends of mine, I was wrong about m all
Well, the road is rocky and the hillsides mud
Up over my head nothing but clouds of blood

I found my world, found my world in you
But your love just hasnt proved true
Im twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
Twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

Oh, the winds in Chicago have torn me to shreds
Reality has always had too many heads
Some things last longer than you think they will
There are some kind of things you can never kill

Its you and you only I been thinking about
But you cant see in and its hard lookin out
Im twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound

Well the fats in the fire and the waters in the tank
The whiskeys in the jar and the moneys in the bank
I tried to love and protect you because I cared
Im gonna remember forever the joy that we shared

Looking at you and Im on my bended knee
You have no idea what you do to me
Im twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
Twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound										 
			You may be an ambassador to England or France
You may like to gamble, you might like to dance
You may be the heavyweight champion of the world
You may be a socialite with a long string of pearls

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

You might be a rock n roll addict prancing on the stage
You might have drugs at your command, women in a cage
You may be a businessman or some high-degree thief
They may call you Doctor or they may call you Chief

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

You may be a state trooper, you might be a young Turk
You may be the head of some big TV network
You may be rich or poor, you may be blind or lame
You may be living in another country under another name

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

You may be a construction worker working on a home
You may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome
You might own guns and you might even own tanks
You might be somebodys landlord, you might even own banks

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

You may be a preacher with your spiritual pride
You may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side
You may be workin in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair
You may be somebodys mistress, may be somebodys heir

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

Might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk
Might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk
You might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread
You may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed

But youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody

You may call me Terry, you may call me Timmy
You may call me Bobby, you may call me Zimmy
You may call me R.J., you may call me Ray
You may call me anything but no matter what you say

Youre gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
Youre gonna have to serve somebody
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But youre gonna have to serve somebody										 
			Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Whatever colors you have in your mind
Ill show them to you and youll see them shine

Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
Until the break of day, let me see you make him smile
His clothes are dirty but his hands are clean
And youre the best thing that hes ever seen

Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
Why wait any longer for the world to begin
You can have your cake and eat it too
Why wait any longer for the one you love
When hes standing in front of you

Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead
I long to see you in the morning light
I long to reach for you in the night
Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead										 
			I love you pretty baby 
You're the only love I've ever known
Just as long as you stay with me
The whole world is my throne
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' we can call our own

I'm movin' after midnight
Down boulevards of broken cars
Don't know what to do without it
Without this love that we call ours
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' but the moon and stars

Down every street there's a window
And every window made of glass
We'll keep on lovin' pretty baby
For as long as love will last
Beyond here lies nothin'
But the mountains of the past

My ship is in the harbor
And the sails are spread
Listen to me pretty baby
Lay your hand upon my head
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' done and nothin' said										 
			Twas in another lifetime, one of toil and blood
When blackness was a virtue and the road was full of mud
I came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

And if I pass this way again, you can rest assured
Ill always do my best for her, on that I give my word
In a world of steel-eyed death, and men who are fighting to be warm
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Not a word was spoke between us, there was little risk involved
Everything up to that point had been left unresolved
Try imagining a place where its always safe and warm
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

I was burned out from exhaustion, buried in the hail
Poisoned in the bushes an blown out on the trail
Hunted like a crocodile, ravaged in the corn
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Suddenly I turned around and she was standin there
With silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair
She walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Now theres a wall between us, somethin theres been lost
I took too much for granted, got my signals crossed
Just to think that it all began on a long-forgotten morn
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Well, the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount
But nothing really matters much, its doom alone that counts
And the one-eyed undertaker, he blows a futile horn
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Ive heard newborn babies wailin like a mournin dove
And old men with broken teeth stranded without love
Do I understand your question, man, is it hopeless and forlorn?
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

In a little hilltop village, they gambled for my clothes
I bargained for salvation an they gave me a lethal dose
I offered up my innocence and got repaid with scorn
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm

Well, Im livin in a foreign country but Im bound to cross the line
Beauty walks a razors edge, someday Ill make it mine
If I could only turn back the clock to when God and her were born
Come in, she said, Ill give you shelter from the storm										 
			Ramona
Come closer
Shut softly your watery eyes
The pangs of your sadness
Shall pass as your senses will rise
The flowers of the city
Though breathlike
Get deathlike at times
And theres no use in tryin
T deal with the dyin
Though I cannot explain that in lines

Your cracked country lips
I still wish to kiss
As to be under the strength of your skin
Your magnetic movements
Still capture the minutes Im in
But it grieves my heart, love
To see you tryin to be a part of
A world that just dont exist
Its all just a dream, babe
A vacuum, a scheme, babe
That sucks you into feelin like this

I can see that your head
Has been twisted and fed
By worthless foam from the mouth
I can tell you are torn
Between stayin and returnin
On back to the South
Youve been fooled into thinking
That the finishin end is at hand
Yet theres no one to beat you
No one t defeat you
Cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad

Ive heard you say many times
That youre better n no one
And no one is better n you
If you really believe that
You know you got
Nothing to win and nothing to lose
From fixtures and forces and friends
Your sorrow does stem
That hype you and type you
Making you feel
That you must be exactly like them

Id forever talk to you
But soon my words
They would turn into a meaningless ring
For deep in my heart
I know there is no help I can bring
Everything passes
Everything changes
Just do what you think you should do
And someday maybe
Who knows, baby
Ill come and be cryin to you										 
			My love she speaks like silence
Without ideals or violence
She doesnt have to say shes faithful
Yet shes true, like ice, like fire
People carry roses
Make promises by the hours
My love she laughs like the flowers
Valentines cant buy her

In the dime stores and bus stations
People talk of situations
Read books, repeat quotations
Draw conclusions on the wall
Some speak of the future
My love she speaks softly
She knows theres no success like failure
And that failures no success at all

The cloak and dagger dangles
Madams light the candles
In ceremonies of the horsemen
Even the pawn must hold a grudge
Statues made of matchsticks
Crumble into one another
My love winks, she does not bother
She knows too much to argue or to judge

The bridge at midnight trembles
The country doctor rambles
Bankers nieces seek perfection
Expecting all the gifts that wise men bring
The wind howls like a hammer
The night blows cold and rainy
My love shes like some raven
At my window with a broken wing										 
			You got a lotta nerve
To say you are my friend
When I was down
You just stood there grinning

You got a lotta nerve
To say you got a helping hand to lend
You just want to be on
The side thats winning

You say I let you down
You know its not like that
If youre so hurt
Why then dont you show it

You say you lost your faith
But thats not where its at
You had no faith to lose
And you know it

I know the reason
That you talk behind my back
I used to be among the crowd
Youre in with

Do you take me for such a fool
To think Id make contact
With the one who tries to hide
What he dont know to begin with

You see me on the street
You always act surprised
You say, How are you? Good luck
But you dont mean it

When you know as well as me
Youd rather see me paralyzed
Why dont you just come out once
And scream it

No, I do not feel that good
When I see the heartbreaks you embrace
If I was a master thief
Perhaps Id rob them

And now I know youre dissatisfied
With your position and your place
Dont you understand
Its not my problem

I wish that for just one time
You could stand inside my shoes
And just for that one moment
I could be you

Yes, I wish that for just one time
You could stand inside my shoes
Youd know what a drag it is
To see you										 
			I cant understand
She let go of my hand
An left me here facing the wall
Id sure like t know
Why she did go
But I cant get close t her at all
Though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime
She said she would never forget
But now mornins clear
Its like I aint here
She just acts like we never have met

Its all new t me
Like some mystery
It could even be like a myth
Yet its hard t think on
That shes the same one
That last night I was with
From darkness, dreamsre deserted
Am I still dreamin yet?
I wish shed unlock
Her voice once an talk
Stead of acting like we never have met

If she aint feelin well
Then why dont she tell
Stead of turnin her back t my face?
Without any doubt
She seems too far out
For me t return t her chase
Though the night ran swirling an whirling
I remember her whispering yet
But evidently she dont
An evidently she wont
She just acts like we never have met

If I didnt have t guess
Id gladly confess
T anything I mightve tried
If I was with er too long
Or have done something wrong
I wish shed tell me what it is, Ill run an hide
Though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played
Her mouth was watery and wet
But now something has changed
For she aint the same
She just acts like we never have met

Im leavin today
Ill be on my way
Of this I cant say very much
But if you want me to
I can be just like you
An pretend that we never have touched
An if anybody asks me
Is it easy to forget?
Ill say, Its easily done
You just pick anyone
An pretend that you never have met!										 
			When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
Did they know He was the Son of God, did they know that He was Lord?
Did they hear when He told Peter, Peter, put up your sword?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?

When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
Nicodemus came at night so he wouldnt be seen by men
Saying, Master, tell me why a man must be born again
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?

When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He said, Pick up your bed and walk, why must you criticize?
Same thing My Father do, I can do likewise
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?

Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
The multitude wanted to make Him king, put a crown upon His head
Why did He slip away to a quiet place instead?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?

When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
He said, All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth
Did they know right then and there what the power was worth?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?										 
			You say you love me
And youre thinkin of me
But you know you could be wrong
You say you told me
That you wanna hold me
But you know youre not that strong
I just cant do what I done before
I just cant beg you anymore
Im gonna let you pass
And Ill go last
Then time will tell just who fell
And whos been left behind
When you go your way and I go mine

You say you disturb me
And you dont deserve me
But you know sometimes you lie
You say youre shakin
And youre always achin
But you know how hard you try
Sometimes it gets so hard to care
It cant be this way evrywhere
And Im gonna let you pass
Yes, and Ill go last
Then time will tell just who fell
And whos been left behind
When you go your way and I go mine

The judge, he holds a grudge
Hes gonna call on you
But hes badly built
And he walks on stilts
Watch out he dont fall on you

You say youre sorry
For tellin stories
That you know I believe are true
You say ya got some
Other kinda lover
And yes, I believe you do
You say my kisses are not like his
But this time Im not gonna tell you why that is
Im just gonna let you pass
Yes, and Ill go last
Then time will tell who fell
And whos been left behind
When you go your way and I go mine										  
			The cats in the well, the wolf is looking down
The cats in the well, the wolf is looking down
He got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground

The cats in the well, the gentle lady is asleep
Cats in the well, the gentle lady is asleep
She aint hearing a thing, the silence is a-stickin her deep

The cats in the well and grief is showing its face
The worlds being slaughtered and its such a bloody disgrace

The cats in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump
The cats in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump
Back alley Sally is doing the American jump

The cats in the well, and Papa is reading the news
His hairs falling out and all of his daughters need shoes

The cats in the well and the barn is full of bull
The cats in the well and the barn is full of bull
The night is so long and the table is oh, so full

The cats in the well and the servant is at the door
The drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war

The cats in the well, the leaves are starting to fall
The cats in the well, leaves are starting to fall
Goodnight, my love, may the Lord have mercy on us all										 
			Oh, Im sailin away my own true love
Im sailin away in the morning
Is there something I can send you from across the sea
From the place that Ill be landing?

No, theres nothin you can send me, my own true love
Theres nothin I wish to be ownin
Just carry yourself back to me unspoiled
From across that lonesome ocean

Oh, but I just thought you might want something fine
Made of silver or of golden
Either from the mountains of Madrid
Or from the coast of Barcelona

Oh, but if I had the stars from the darkest night
And the diamonds from the deepest ocean
Id forsake them all for your sweet kiss
For thats all Im wishin to be ownin

That I might be gone a long time
And its only that Im askin
Is there something I can send you to remember me by
To make your time more easy passin

Oh, how can, how can you ask me again
It only brings me sorrow
The same thing I want from you today
I would want again tomorrow

I got a letter on a lonesome day
It was from her ship a-sailin
Saying I dont know when Ill be comin back again
It depends on how Im a-feelin

Well, if you, my love, must think that-a-way
Im sure your mind is roamin
Im sure your heart is not with me
But with the country to where youre goin

So take heed, take heed of the western wind
Take heed of the stormy weather
And yes, theres something you can send back to me
Spanish boots of Spanish leather										 
			William Zanzinger killed poor Hattie Carroll
With a cane that he twirled around his diamond ring finger
At a Baltimore hotel society gathrin
And the cops were called in and his weapon took from him
As they rode him in custody down to the station
And booked William Zanzinger for first-degree murder
But you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face
Now aint the time for your tears

William Zanzinger, who at twenty-four years
Owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres
With rich wealthy parents who provide and protect him
And high office relations in the politics of Maryland
Reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders
And swear words and sneering, and his tongue it was snarling
In a matter of minutes on bail was out walking
But you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face
Now aint the time for your tears

Hattie Carroll was a maid of the kitchen
She was fifty-one years old and gave birth to ten children
Who carried the dishes and took out the garbage
And never sat once at the head of the table
And didnt even talk to the people at the table
Who just cleaned up all the food from the table
And emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level
Got killed by a blow, lay slain by a cane
That sailed through the air and came down through the room
Doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle
And she never done nothing to William Zanzinger
But you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears
Take the rag away from your face
Now aint the time for your tears

In the courtroom of honor, the judge pounded his gavel
To show that alls equal and that the courts are on the level
And that the strings in the books aint pulled and persuaded
And that even the nobles get properly handled
Once that the cops have chased after and caught em
And that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom
Stared at the person who killed for no reason
Who just happened to be feelin that way without warnin
And he spoke through his cloak, most deep and distinguished
And handed out strongly, for penalty and repentance
William Zanzinger with a six-month sentence
Oh, but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears
Bury the rag deep in your face
For nows the time for your tears										 
			Crickets are chirpin, the water is high
Theres a soft cotton dress on the line hangin dry
Window wide open, African trees
Bent over backwards from a hurricane breeze
Not a word of goodbye, not even a note
She gone with the man
In the long black coat

Somebody seen him hanging around
At the old dance hall on the outskirts of town
He looked into her eyes when she stopped him to ask
If he wanted to dance, he had a face like a mask
Somebody said from the Bible hed quote
There was dust on the man
In the long black coat

Preacher was a talkin, theres a sermon he gave
He said every mans conscience is vile and depraved
You cannot depend on it to be your guide
When its you who must keep it satisfied
It aint easy to swallow, it sticks in the throat
She gave her heart to the man
In the long black coat

There are no mistakes in life some people say
It is true sometimes you can see it that way
But people don't live or die, people just float
She went with the man
In the long black coat

Theres smoke on the water, its been there since June
Tree trunks uprooted, 'neath the high crescent moon
Feel the pulse and vibration and the rumbling force
Somebody is out there beating a dead horse
She never said nothing, there was nothing she wrote
She gone with the man
In the long black coat										 
			Broken lines, broken strings
Broken threads, broken springs
Broken idols, broken heads
People sleeping in broken beds
Aint no use jiving
Aint no use joking
Everything is broken

Broken bottles, broken plates
Broken switches, broken gates
Broken dishes, broken parts
Streets are filled with broken hearts
Broken words never meant to be spoken
Everything is broken

Seem like every time you stop and turn around
Something else just hit the ground

Broken cutters, broken saws
Broken buckles, broken laws
Broken bodies, broken bones
Broken voices on broken phones
Take a deep breath, feel like youre chokin'
Everything is broken

Every time you leave and go off someplace
Things fall to pieces in my face

Broken hands on broken ploughs
Broken treaties, broken vows
Broken pipes, broken tools
People bending broken rules
Hound dog howling, bullfrog croaking
Everything is broken										   
			There's an evenin' haze settlin' over the town
Starlight by the edge of the creek
The buyin' power of the proletariat's gone down
Money's gettin' shallow and weak
The place I love best is a sweet memory
It's a new path that we trod
They say low wages are a reality
If we want to compete abroad 

My cruel weapons have been put on the shelf
Come sit down on my knee
You are dearer to me than myself
As you yourself can see
I'm listenin' to the steel rails hum
Got both eyes tight shut
Just sitting here trying to keep the hunger from
Creeping it's way into my gut 

Meet me at the bottom, don't lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the front line
Sing a little bit of these workingman's blues 

Now, I'm sailin' on back, ready for the long haul
Tossed by the winds and the seas
I'll drag em all down to hell and I'll stand em at the wall
I'll sell em to their enemies
I'm tryin' to feed my soul with thought
Gonna sleep off the rest of the day
Sometimes no one wants what we got
Sometimes you can't give it away 

Now the place is ringed with countless foes
Some of them may be deaf and dumb
No man, no woman knows 
The hour that sorrow will come
In the dark I hear the night birds call
I can hear a lover's breath
I sleep in the kitchen with my feet in the hall
Sleep is like a temporary death

Meet me at the bottom, don't lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the front line
Sing a little bit of these workingman's blues 

Well, they burned my barn, they stole my horse
I can't save a dime
I got to be careful, I don't want to be forced
Into a life of continual crime
I can see for myself that the sun is sinking
How I wish you were here to see 
Tell me now, am I wrong in thinking
That you have forgotten me? 

Now they worry and they hurry and they fuss and they fret
They waste your nights and days
Them I will forget
But you I'll remember always
Old memories of you to me have clung
You've wounded me with words
Gonna have to straighten out your tongue
It's all true, everything you have heard 

Meet me at the bottom, don't lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the front line
Sing a little bit of these workingman's blues 

In you, my friend, I find no blame
Wanna look in my eyes, please do
No one can ever claim
That I took up arms against you
All across the peaceful sacred fields
They will lay you low
They'll break your horns and slash you with steel
I say it so it must be so 

Now I'm down on my luck and I'm black and blue
Gonna give you another chance
I'm all alone and I'm expecting you
To lead me off in a cheerful dance
Got a brand new suit and a brand new wife
I can live on rice and beans
Some people never worked a day in their life
Don't know what work even means 

Meet me at the bottom, don't lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the front line
Sing a little bit of these workingman's blues										 
			Seor, seor, do you know where were headin?
Lincoln County Road or Armageddon?
Seems like I been down this way before
Is there any truth in that, seor?

Seor, seor, do you know where she is hidin?
How long are we gonna be ridin?
How long must I keep my eyes glued to the door?
Will there be any comfort there, seor?

Theres a wicked wind still blowin on that upper deck
Theres an iron cross still hangin' down from around her neck
Theres a marchin band still playin in that vacant lot
Where she held me in her arms one time and said, Forget me not

Seor, seor, I can see that painted wagon
I can smell the tail of the dragon
Cant stand the suspense anymore
Can you tell me who to contact here, seor?

Well, the last thing I remember before I stripped and kneeled
Was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field
A gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring
Said, Son, this aint a dream no more, its the real thing

Seor, seor, you know their hearts is as hard as leather
Well, give me a minute, let me get it together
I just gotta pick myself up off the floor
Im ready when you are, seor

Seor, seor, lets disconnect these cables
Overturn these tables
This place dont make sense to me no more
Can you tell me what were waiting for, seor?										 
			Crimson flames tied through my ears
Rollin high and mighty traps
Pounced with fire on flaming roads
Using ideas as my maps
Well meet on edges, soon, said I
Proud neath heated brow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now

Half-wracked prejudice leaped forth
Rip down all hate, I screamed
Lies that life is black and white
Spoke from my skull. I dreamed
Romantic facts of musketeers
Foundationed deep, somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now

Girls faces formed the forward path
From phony jealousy
To memorizing politics
Of ancient history
Flung down by corpse evangelists
Unthought of, though, somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now

A self-ordained professors tongue
Too serious to fool
Spouted out that liberty
Is just equality in school
Equality, I spoke the word
As if a wedding vow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now

In a soldiers stance, I aimed my hand
At the mongrel dogs who teach
Fearing not that Id become my enemy
In the instant that I preach
My pathway led by confusion boats
Mutiny from stern to bow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now

Yes, my guard stood hard when abstract threats
Too noble to neglect
Deceived me into thinking
I had something to protect
Good and bad, I define these terms
Quite clear, no doubt, somehow
Ah, but I was so much older then
Im younger than that now										 
			They ask me how I feel
And if my love is real
And how I know Ill make it through
And they, they look at me and frown
Theyd like to drive me from this town
They dont want me around
Cause I believe in you

They show me to the door
They say dont come back no more
Cause I dont be like theyd like me to
And I walk out on my own
A thousand miles from home
But I dont feel alone
Cause I believe in you

I believe in you even through the tears and the laughter
I believe in you even though we be apart
I believe in you even on the morning after
Oh, when the dawn is nearing
Oh, when the night is disappearing
Oh, this feeling is still here in my heart

Dont let me drift too far
Keep me where you are
Where I will always be renewed
And that which youve given me today
Is worth more than I could pay
And no matter what they say
I believe in you

I believe in you when winter turn to summer
I believe in you when white turn to black
I believe in you even though I be outnumbered
Oh, though the earth may shake me
Oh, though my friends forsake me
Oh, even that couldnt make me go back

Dont let me change my heart
Keep me set apart
From all the plans they do pursue
And I, I dont mind the pain
Dont mind the driving rain
I know I will sustain
Cause I believe in you										 
			Oh, help me in my weakness
I heard the drifter say
As they carried him from the courtroom
And were taking him away
My trip hasnt been a pleasant one
And my time it isnt long
And I still do not know
What it was that Ive done wrong

Well, the judge, he cast his robe aside
A tear came to his eye
You fail to understand, he said
Why must you even try?
Outside, the crowd was stirring
You could hear it from the door
Inside, the judge was stepping down
While the jury cried for more

Oh, stop that cursed jury
Cried the attendant and the nurse
The trial was bad enough
But this is ten times worse
Just then a bolt of lightning
Struck the courthouse out of shape
And while evrybody knelt to pray
The drifter did escape										   
			When youre lost in the rain in Juarez
And its Eastertime too
And your gravity fails
And negativity dont pull you through
Dont put on any airs
When youre down on Rue Morgue Avenue
They got some hungry women there
And they really make a mess outta you

Now if you see Saint Annie
Please tell her thanks a lot
I cannot move
My fingers are all in a knot
I dont have the strength
To get up and take another shot
And my best friend, my doctor
Wont even say what it is Ive got

Sweet Melinda
The peasants call her the goddess of gloom
She speaks good English
And she invites you up into her room
And youre so kind
And careful not to go to her too soon
And she takes your voice
And leaves you howling at the moon

Up on Housing Project Hill
Its either fortune or fame
You must pick up one or the other
Though neither of them are to be what they claim
If youre lookin to get silly
You better go back to from where you came
Because the cops dont need you
And man they expect the same

Now all the authorities
They just stand around and boast
How they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms
Into leaving his post
And picking up Angel who
Just arrived here from the coast
Who looked so fine at first
But left looking just like a ghost

I started out on burgundy
But soon hit the harder stuff
Everybody said theyd stand behind me
When the game got rough
But the joke was on me
There was nobody even there to call my bluff
Im going back to New York City
I do believe Ive had enough										 
			Well, I thought that the rain would cool things down
But it looks like it dont
Id like to get you to change your mind
But it looks like you wont

From now on Ill be busy
Aint goin nowhere fast
Im just glad its over
And Im seeing the real you at last

Well, didnt I risk my neck for you
Didnt I take chances?
Didnt I rise above it all for you
The most unfortunate circumstances?

Well, I have had some rotten nights
Didnt think that they would pass
Im just thankful and grateful
To be seeing the real you at last

Im hungry and Im irritable
And Im tired of this bag of tricks
At one time there was nothing wrong with me
That you could not fix

Well, I sailed through the storm
Strapped to the mast
But the time has come
And Im seeing the real you at last

When I met you, baby
You didnt show no visible scars
You could ride like Annie Oakley
You could shoot like Belle Starr

Well, I dont mind a reasonable amount of trouble
Trouble always comes to pass
But all I care about now
Is that Im seeing the real you at last

Well, Im gonna quit this baby talk now
I guess I should have known
I got troubles, I think maybe you got troubles
I think maybe wed better leave each other alone

Whatever you gonna do
Please do it fast
Im still trying to get used to
Seeing the real you at last										 
			What good am I if Im like all the rest
If I just turn away, when I see how youre dressed
If I shut myself off so I cant hear you cry
What good am I?

What good am I if I know and dont do
If I see and dont say, if I look right through you
If I turn a deaf ear to the thunderin sky
What good am I?

What good am I while you softly weep
And I hear in my head what you say in your sleep
And I freeze in the moment like the rest who dont try
What good am I?

What good am I then to others and me
If Ive had every chance and yet still fail to see
If my hands are tied must I not wonder within
Who tied them and why and where must I have been?

What good am I if I say foolish things
And I laugh in the face of what sorrow brings
And I just turn my back while you silently die
What good am I?										 
			Down the street the dogs are barkin
And the day is a-gettin dark
As the night comes in a-fallin
The dogsll lose their bark
An the silent night will shatter
From the sounds inside my mind
For Im one too many mornings
And a thousand miles behind

From the crossroads of my doorstep
My eyes they start to fade
As I turn my head back to the room
Where my love and I have laid
An I gaze back to the street
The sidewalk and the sign
And Im one too many mornings
An a thousand miles behind

Its a restless hungry feeling
That dont mean no one no good
When evrything Im a-sayin
You can say it just as good.
Youre right from your side
Im right from mine
Were both just one too many mornings
An a thousand miles behind										 
			Forgetful heart
Lost your power of recall 
Every little detail
You don't remember at all
The times we knew
Who would remember better then you

Forgetful heart
We laughed and had a good time you and I
It's been so long
Now you're content to let the days go by
When you were there
You were the answer to my prayer

Forgetful heart
We loved with all the love that life can give
What can I say
Without you it's so hard to live  
Can't take much more
Why can't we love like we did before

Forgetful heart
Like a walking shadow in my brain
All night long
I lay awake and listen to the sound of pain
The door has closed forevermore 
If indeed there ever was a door										  
			Ill remember you
When Ive forgotten all the rest
You to me were true
You to me were the best
When there is no more
You cut to the core
Quicker than anyone I knew
When Im all alone
In the great unknown
Ill remember you

Ill remember you
At the end of the trail
I had so much left to do
I had so little time to fail
Theres some people that
You dont forget
Even though youve only seen m one time or two
When the roses fade
And Im in the shade
Ill remember you

Didnt I, didnt I try to love you?
Didnt I, didnt I try to care?
Didnt I sleep, didnt I weep beside you
With the rain blowing in your hair?

Ill remember you
When the wind blows through the piney wood
It was you who came right through
It was you who understood
Though Id never say
That I done it the way
That youd have liked me to
In the end
My dear sweet friend
Ill remember you										 
			Seen the arrow on the doorpost
Saying, This land is condemned
All the way from New Orleans
To Jerusalem
I traveled through East Texas
Where many martyrs fell
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

Well, I heard that hoot owl singing
As they were taking down the tents
The stars above the barren trees
Were his only audience
Them charcoal gypsy maidens
Can strut their feathers well
But nobody can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

See them big plantations burning
Hear the cracking of the whips
Smell that sweet magnolia blooming
See the ghosts of slavery ships
I can hear them tribes a-moaning
Hear that undertakers bell
Nobody can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

Theres a woman by the river
With some fine young handsome man
Hes dressed up like a squire
Bootlegged whiskey in his hand
Theres a chain gang on the highway
I can hear them rebels yell
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell

Well, God is in His heaven
And we all want whats his
But power and greed and corruptible seed
Seem to be all that there is
Im gazing out the window
Of the St. James Hotel
And I know no one can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell										 
			Of war and peace the truth just twists
Its curfew gull just glides
Upon four-legged forest clouds
The cowboy angel rides
With his candle lit into the sun
Though its glow is waxed in black
All except when neath the trees of Eden

The lamppost stands with folded arms
Its iron claws attached
To curbs neath holes where babies wail
Though it shadows metal badge
All and all can only fall
With a crashing but meaningless blow
No sound ever comes from the Gates of Eden

The savage soldier sticks his head in sand
And then complains
Unto the shoeless hunter whos gone deaf
But still remains
Upon the beach where hound dogs bay
At ships with tattooed sails
Heading for the Gates of Eden

With a time-rusted compass blade
Aladdin and his lamp
Sits with Utopian hermit monks
Sidesaddle on the Golden Calf
And on their promises of paradise
You will not hear a laugh
All except inside the Gates of Eden

Relationships of ownership
They whisper in the wings
To those condemned to act accordingly
And wait for succeeding kings
And I try to harmonize with songs
The lonesome sparrow sings
There are no kings inside the Gates of Eden

The motorcycle black madonna
Two-wheeled gypsy queen
And her silver-studded phantom cause
The gray flannel dwarf to scream
As he weeps to wicked birds of prey
Who pick up on his bread crumb sins
And there are no sins inside the Gates of Eden

The kingdoms of Experience
In the precious wind they rot
While paupers change possessions
Each one wishing for what the other has got
And the princess and the prince
Discuss whats real and what is not
It doesnt matter inside the Gates of Eden

The foreign sun, it squints upon
A bed that is never mine
As friends and other strangers
From their fates try to resign
Leaving men wholly, totally free
To do anything they wish to do but die
And there are no trials inside the Gates of Eden

At dawn my lover comes to me
And tells me of her dreams
With no attempts to shovel the glimpse
Into the ditch of what each one means
At times I think there are no words
But these to tell whats true
And there are no truths outside the Gates of Eden										 
			Aint it just like the night to play tricks when youre tryin' to be so quiet?
We sit here stranded, though were all doin our best to deny it
And Louise holds a handful of rain, temptin you to defy it
Lights flicker from the opposite loft
In this room the heat pipes just cough
The country music station plays soft
But theres nothing, really nothing to turn off
Just Louise and her lover so entwined
And these visions of Johanna that conquer my mind

In the empty lot where the ladies play blindmans bluff with the key chain
And the all-night girls they whisper of escapades out on the D train
We can hear the night watchman click his flashlight
Ask himself if its him or them thats really insane
Louise, shes all right, shes just near
Shes delicate and seems like the mirror
But she just makes it all too concise and too clear
That Johannas not here
The ghost of lectricity howls in the bones of her face
Where these visions of Johanna have now taken my place

Now, little boy lost, he takes himself so seriously
He brags of his misery, he likes to live dangerously
And when bringing her name up
He speaks of a farewell kiss to me
Hes sure got a lotta gall to be so useless and all
Muttering small talk at the wall while Im in the hall
How can I explain?
Oh, its so hard to get on
And these visions of Johanna, they kept me up past the dawn

Inside the museums, Infinity goes up on trial
Voices echo this is what salvation must be like after a while
But Mona Lisa musta had the highway blues
You can tell by the way she smiles
See the primitive wallflower freeze
When the jelly-faced women all sneeze
Hear the one with the mustache say, Jeeze
I cant find my knees
Oh, jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule
But these visions of Johanna, they make it all seem so cruel

The peddler now speaks to the countess whos pretending to care for him
Sayin, Name me someone thats not a parasite and Ill go out and say a prayer for him
But like Louise always says
Ya cant look at much, can ya man?
As she, herself, prepares for him
And Madonna, she still has not showed
We see this empty cage now corrode
Where her cape of the stage once had flowed
The fiddler, he now steps to the road
He writes evrythings been returned which was owed
On the back of the fish truck that loads
While my conscience explodes
The harmonicas play the skeleton keys and the rain
And these visions of Johanna are now all that remain										 
			The guilty undertaker sighs
The lonesome organ grinder cries
The silver saxophones say I should refuse you
The cracked bells and washed-out horns
Blow into my face with scorn
But its not that way
I wasnt born to lose you

I want you, I want you
I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

The drunken politician leaps
Upon the street where mothers weep
And the saviors who are fast asleep, they wait for you
And I wait for them to interrupt
Me drinkin from my broken cup
And ask me to
Open up the gate for you

I want you, I want you
I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

How all my fathers, theyve gone down
True love theyve been without it
But all their daughters put me down
Cause I dont think about it

Well, I return to the Queen of Spades
And talk with my chambermaid
She knows that Im not afraid to look at her
She is good to me
And theres nothing she doesnt see
She knows where Id like to be
But it doesnt matter

I want you, I want you
I want you so bad
Honey, I want you

Now your dancing child with his Chinese suit
He spoke to me, I took his flute
No, I wasnt very cute to him, was I?
But I did it, though, because he lied
Because he took you for a ride
And because time was on his side
And because I . . .

I want you, I want you
I want you so bad
Honey, I want you										 
			Our conversation was short and sweet
It nearly swept me off-a my feet
And Im back in the rain, oh, oh
And you are on dry land
You made it there somehow
Youre a big girl now

Bird on the horizon, sittin on a fence
Hes singin his song for me at his own expense
And Im just like that bird, oh, oh
Singin just for you
I hope that you can hear
Hear me singin through these tears

Time is a jet plane, it moves too fast
Oh, but what a shame if all weve shared cant last
I can change, I swear, oh, oh
See what you can do
I can make it through
You can make it too

Love is so simple, to quote a phrase
Youve known it all the time, Im learnin it these days
Oh, I know where I can find you, oh, oh
In somebodys room
Its a price I have to pay
Youre a big girl all the way

A change in the weather is known to be extreme
But whats the sense of changing horses in midstream?
Im going out of my mind, oh, oh
With a pain that stops and starts
Like a corkscrew to my heart
Ever since weve been apart										 
			Hollis Brown
He lived on the outside of town
Hollis Brown
He lived on the outside of town
With his wife and five children
And his cabin fallin down

You looked for work and money
And you walked a rugged mile
You looked for work and money
And you walked a rugged mile
Your children are so hungry
That they dont know how to smile

Your babys eyes look crazy
Theyre a-tuggin at your sleeve
Your babys eyes look crazy
Theyre a-tuggin at your sleeve
You walk the floor and wonder why
With every breath you breathe

The rats have got your flour
Bad blood it got your mare
The rats have got your flour
Bad blood it got your mare
If theres anyone that knows
Is there anyone that cares?

You prayed to the Lord above
Oh please send you a friend
You prayed to the Lord above
Oh please send you a friend
Your empty pockets tell yuh
That you aint a-got no friend

Your babies are crying louder
Its pounding on your brain
Your babies are crying louder now
Its pounding on your brain
Your wifes screams are stabbin you
Like the dirty drivin rain

Your grass it is turning black
Theres no water in your well
Your grass is turning black
Theres no water in your well
You spent your last lone dollar
On seven shotgun shells

Way out in the wilderness
A cold coyote calls
Way out in the wilderness
A cold coyote calls
Your eyes fix on the shotgun
Thats hangin on the wall

Your brain is a-bleedin
And your legs cant seem to stand
Your brain is a-bleedin
And your legs cant seem to stand
Your eyes fix on the shotgun
That youre holdin in your hand

Theres seven breezes a-blowin
All around the cabin door
Theres seven breezes a-blowin
All around the cabin door
Seven shots ring out
Like the oceans pounding roar

Theres seven people dead
On a South Dakota farm
Theres seven people dead
On a South Dakota farm
Somewhere in the distance
Theres seven new people born										 
			Been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed
Look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams
In another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams

I and I
In creation where ones nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One says to the other, no man sees my face and lives

Think Ill go out and go for a walk
Not much happenin here, nothin ever does
Besides, if she wakes up now, shell just want me to talk
I got nothin to say, specially about whatever was

I and I
In creation where ones nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One says to the other, no man sees my face and lives

Took an untrodden path once, where the swift dont win the race
It goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth
Took a stranger to teach me, to look into justices beautiful face
And to see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth

I and I
In creation where ones nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One says to the other, no man sees my face and lives

Outside of two men on a train platform theres nobody in sight
Theyre waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track
The world could come to an end tonight, but thats all right
She should still be there sleepin when I get back

I and I
In creation where ones nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One says to the other, no man sees my face and lives

Noontime, and Im still pushin myself along the road, the darkest part
Into the narrow lanes, I cant stumble or stay put
Someone else is speakin with my mouth, but Im listening only to my heart
Ive made shoes for everyone, even you, while I still go barefoot

I and I
In creation where ones nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One says to the other, no man sees my face and lives										 
			Perhaps its the color of the sun cut flat
An covrin the crossroads Im standing at
Or maybe its the weather or something like that
But mama, you been on my mind

I dont mean trouble, please dont put me down or get upset
I am not pleadin or sayin, I cant forget
I do not walk the floor bowed down an bent, but yet
Mama, you been on my mind

Even though my mind is hazy an my thoughts they might be narrow
Where you been dont bother me nor bring me down in sorrow
It dont even matter to me where youre wakin up tomorrow
But mama, youre just on my mind

I am not askin you to say words like yes or no
Please understand me, I got no place for you t go
Im just breathin to myself, pretendin not that I dont know
Mama, you been on my mind

When you wake up in the mornin, baby, look inside your mirror
You know I wont be next to you, you know I wont be near
Id just be curious to know if you can see yourself as clear
As someone who has had you on his mind										 
			When the rain is blowing in your face
And the whole world is on your case
I could offer you a warm embrace
To make you feel my love

When the evening shadows and the stars appear
And there is no one there to dry your tears
I could hold you for a million years
To make you feel my love

I know you havent made your mind up yet
But I would never do you wrong
Ive known it from the moment that we met
No doubt in my mind where you belong

Id go hungry, Id go black and blue
Id go crawling down the avenue
Theres nothing that I wouldnt do
To make you feel my love

The storms are raging on the rollin sea
And on the highway of regret
The winds of change are blowing wild and free
You aint seen nothing like me yet

I could make you happy, make your dreams come true
Nothing that I wouldnt do
Go to the ends of the earth for you
To make you feel my love										 
			Well, my nerves are exploding and my bodys tense
I feel like the whole world got me pinned up against the fence
Ive been hit too hard, Ive seen too much
Nothing can heal me now, but your touch
I dont know what Im gonna do
I was all right til I fell in love with you

Well, my house is on fire, burning to the sky
I thought it would rain but the clouds passed by
Now I feel like Im coming to the end of my way
But I know God is my shield and he wont lead me astray
Still I dont know what Im gonna do
I was all right til I fell in love with you

Boys in the street beginning to play
Girls like birds flying away
When Im gone you will remember my name
Im gonna win my way to wealth and fame
I dont know what Im gonna do
I was all right til I fell in love with you

Junk is piling up, taking up space
My eyes feel like theyre falling off my face
Sweat falling down, Im staring at the floor
Im thinking about that girl who wont be back no more
I dont know what Im gonna do
I was all right til I fell in love with you

Well, Im tired of talking, Im tired of trying to explain
My attempts to please you were all in vain
Tomorrow night before the sun goes down
If Im still among the living, Ill be Dixie bound
I just dont know what Im gonna do
I was all right til I fell in love with you										 
			God knows you aint pretty
God knows its true
God knows there aint anybody
Ever gonna take the place of you

God knows its a struggle
God knows its a crime
God knows theres gonna be no more water
But fire next time

God dont call it treason
God dont call it wrong
It was supposed to last a season
But its been so strong for so long

God knows its fragile
God knows everything
God knows it could snap apart right now
Just like putting scissors to a string

God knows its terrifying
God sees it all unfold
Theres a million reasons for you to be crying
You been so bold and so cold

God knows that when you see it
God knows youve got to weep
God knows the secrets of your heart
Hell tell them to you when youre asleep

God knows theres a river
God knows how to make it flow
God knows you aint gonna be taking
Nothing with you when you go

God knows theres a purpose
God knows theres a chance
God knows you can rise above the darkest hour
Of any circumstance

God knows theres a heaven
God knows its out of sight
God knows we can get all the way from here to there
Even if weve got to walk a million miles by candlelight										 
			I cant wait, wait for you to change your mind
Its late, Im trying to walk the line
Well, its way past midnight and there are people all around
Some on their way up, some on their way down
The air burns and Im trying to think straight
And I dont know how much longer I can wait

Im your man, Im trying to recover the sweet love that we knew
You understand that my heart cant go on beating without you
Well, your loveliness has wounded me, Im reeling from the blow
I wish I knew what it was keeps me loving you so
Im breathing hard, standing at the gate
But I dont know how much longer I can wait

Skies are grey, Im looking for anything that will bring a happy glow
Night or day, it doesnt matter where I go anymore, I just go
If I ever saw you coming I dont know what I would do
Id like to think I could control myself, but it isnt true
Thats how it is when things disintegrate
And I dont know how much longer I can wait

Im doomed to love you, Ive been rolling through stormy weather
Im thinking of you and all the places we could roam together

Its mighty funny, the end of time has just begun
Oh, honey, after all these years youre still the one
While Im strolling through the lonely graveyard of my mind
I left my life with you somewhere back there along the line
I thought somehow that I would be spared this fate
But I dont know how much longer I can wait										 
			In the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need
When the pool of tears beneath my feet flood every newborn seed
Theres a dyin voice within me reaching out somewhere
Toiling in the danger and in the morals of despair

Dont have the inclination to look back on any mistake
Like Cain, I now behold this chain of events that I must break
In the fury of the moment I can see the Masters hand
In every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand

Oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear
Like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer
The sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way
To ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay

I gaze into the doorway of temptations angry flame
And every time I pass that way I always hear my name
Then onward in my journey I come to understand
That every hair is numbered like every grain of sand

I have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night
In the violence of a summers dream, in the chill of a wintry light
In the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space
In the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face

I hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea
Sometimes I turn, theres someone there, other times its only me
I am hanging in the balance of the reality of man
Like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sand										 
			Well, your railroad gate, you know I just cant jump it
Sometimes it gets so hard, you see
Im just sitting here beating on my trumpet
With all these promises you left for me
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie?

Well, I waited for you when I was half sick
Yes, I waited for you when you hated me
Well, I waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
When you knew I had some other place to be
Now, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?

Well, anybody can be just like me, obviously
But then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately

Well, six white horses that you did promise
Were finlly delivered down to the penitentiary
But to live outside the law, you must be honest
I know you always say that you agree
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie?

Well, I dont know how it happened
But the riverboat captain, he knows my fate
But evrybody else, even yourself
Theyre just gonna have to wait

Well, I got the fever down in my pockets
The Persian drunkard, he follows me
Yes, I can take him to your house but I cant unlock it
You see, you forgot to leave me with the key
Oh, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?

Now, I been in jail when all my mail showed
That a man cant give his address out to bad company
And now I stand here lookin at your yellow railroad
In the ruins of your balcony
Wondring where you are tonight, sweet Marie										 
			Crash on the levee, mama
Water's gonna overflow
Swamp's gonna rise
No boat's gonna row
Now, you can train on down
To Williams Point
You can bust your feet
You can rock this joint
But oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow

Now, don't you try an' move me
You're just gonna lose
There's a crash on the levee
And, mama, you've been refused
Well, it's sugar for sugar
And salt for salt
If you go down in the flood
It's gonna be your own fault
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
You're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow

Well, that high tide's risin'
Mama, don't you let me down
Pack up your suitcase
Mama, don't you make a sound
Now, it's king for king
Queen for queen
It's gonna be the meanest flood
That anybody's seen
Oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
Yes, you're gonna have to find yourself
Another best friend, somehow										 
			John Brown went off to war to fight on a foreign shore
His mama sure was proud of him!
He stood straight and tall in his uniform and all
His mamas face broke out all in a grin

Oh son, you look so fine, Im glad youre a son of mine
You make me proud to know you hold a gun
Do what the captain says, lots of medals you will get
And well put them on the wall when you come home

As that old train pulled out, Johns ma began to shout
Tellin evryone in the neighborhood:
Thats my son thats about to go, hes a soldier now, you know
She made well sure her neighbors understood

She got a letter once in a while and her face broke into a smile
As she showed them to the people from next door
And she bragged about her son with his uniform and gun
And these things you called a good old-fashioned war

Oh! Good old-fashioned war!

Then the letters ceased to come, for a long time they did not come
They ceased to come for about ten months or more
Then a letter finally came saying, Go down and meet the train
Your sons a-coming home from the war

She smiled and went right down, she looked everywhere around
But she could not see her soldier son in sight
But as all the people passed, she saw her son at last
When she did she could hardly believe her eyes

Oh his face was all shot up and his hand was all blown off
And he wore a metal brace around his waist
He whispered kind of slow, in a voice she did not know
While she couldnt even recognize his face!

Oh! Lord! Not even recognize his face

Oh tell me, my darling son, pray tell me what they done
How is it you come to be this way?
He tried his best to talk but his mouth could hardly move
And the mother had to turn her face away

Dont you remember, Ma, when I went off to war
You thought it was the best thing I could do?
I was on the battleground, you were home . . . acting proud
You wasnt there standing in my shoes

Oh, and I thought when I was there, God, what am I doing here?
Im a-tryin to kill somebody or die tryin
But the thing that scared me most was when my enemy came close
And I saw that his face looked just like mine

Oh! Lord! Just like mine!

And I couldnt help but think, through the thunder rolling and stink
That I was just a puppet in a play
And through the roar and smoke, this string is finally broke
And a cannonball blew my eyes away

As he turned away to walk, his Ma was still in shock
At seein the metal brace that helped him stand
But as he turned to go, he called his mother close
And he dropped his medals down into her hand										 
			The sweet pretty things are in bed now of course
The city fathers theyre trying to endorse
The reincarnation of Paul Reveres horse
But the town has no need to be nervous

The ghost of Belle Starr she hands down her wits
To Jezebel the nun she violently knits
A bald wig for Jack the Ripper who sits
At the head of the chamber of commerce

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues

The hysterical bride in the penny arcade
Screaming she moans, Ive just been made
Then sends out for the doctor who pulls down the shade
Says, My advice is to not let the boys in

Now the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside
He walks with a swagger and he says to the bride
Stop all this weeping, swallow your pride
You will not die, its not poison

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues

Well, John the Baptist after torturing a thief
Looks up at his hero the Commander-in-Chief
Saying, Tell me great hero, but please make it brief
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?

The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly
Saying, Death to all those who would whimper and cry
And dropping a barbell he points to the sky
Saying, The suns not yellow its chicken

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues

The king of the Philistines his soldiers to save
Puts jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves
Puts the pied pipers in prison and fattens the slaves
Then sends them out to the jungle

Gypsy Davey with a blowtorch he burns out their camps
With his faithful slave Pedro behind him he tramps
With a fantastic collection of stamps
To win friends and influence his uncle

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues

The geometry of innocence flesh on the bone
Causes Galileos math book to get thrown
At Delilah who sits worthlessly alone
But the tears on her cheeks are from laughter

Now I wish I could give Brother Bill his great thrill
I would set him in chains at the top of the hill
Then send out for some pillars and Cecil B. DeMille
He could die happily ever after

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues

Where Ma Rainey and Beethoven once unwrapped their bedroll
Tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole
And the National Bank at a profit sells road maps for the soul
To the old folks home and the college

Now I wish I could write you a melody so plain
That could hold you dear lady from going insane
That could ease you and cool you and cease the pain
Of your useless and pointless knowledge

Mamas in the factry
She aint got no shoes
Daddys in the alley
Hes lookin for the fuse
Im in the streets
With the tombstone blues										 
			Well you're comin' down High Street, walkin' in the sun
You make the dead man rise, and holler she's the one
Jolene, Jolene
Baby, I am the king and you're the queen

Well it's a long old highway, don't ever end
I've got a Saturday night special, I'm back again
I'll sleep by your door, lay my life on the line
You probably don't know, but I'm gonna make you mine
Jolene, Jolene     
Baby, I am the king and you're the queen

I keep my hands in my pocket, I'm movin' along
People think they know, but they're all wrong
You're something nice, I'm gonna grab my dice
I can't say I haven't paid the price
Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you're the queen

Well I found out the hard way, I've had my fill
You can't find somebody with his back to a hill
Those big brown eyes, they set off a spark
When you hold me in your arms things don't look so dark
Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you're the queen										 
			Well, Im hangin on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And I wont let go, and I cant let go, wont let go
And I cant let go, wont let go and I cant let go no more

For me He was chastised, for me He was hated
For me He was rejected by a world that He created
Nations are angry, cursed are some
People are expecting a false peace to come

Well, Im hangin on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And I wont let go and I cant let go, wont let go
And I cant let go, wont let go and I cant let go no more

Its the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit
Twenty-four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it
Using all the devices under the sun
And He never give up til the battles lost or won

Well, Im hangin on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And I wont let go and I cant let go, wont let go
And I cant let go, wont let go and I cant let go no more										 
			Well, I ride on a mailtrain, baby
Cant buy a thrill
Well, Ive been up all night, baby
Leanin on the windowsill
Well, if I die
On top of the hill
And if I dont make it
You know my baby will

Dont the moon look good, mama
Shinin through the trees?
Dont the brakeman look good, mama
Flagging down the Double E?
Dont the sun look good
Goin down over the sea?
Dont my gal look fine
When shes comin after me?

Now the wintertime is coming
The windows are filled with frost
I went to tell everybody
But I could not get across
Well, I wanna be your lover, baby
I dont wanna be your boss
Dont say I never warned you
When your train gets lost										 
			Well, today has been a sad ol lonesome day
Yeah, today has been a sad ol lonesome day
Im just sittin here thinking
With my mind a million miles away

Well, theyre doing the double shuffle, throwin sand on the floor
Theyre doing the double shuffle, theyre throwin sand on the floor
When I left my long-time darlin
She was standing in the door

Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
My sister, she ran off and got married
Never was heard of any more

Samantha Brown lived in my house for about four or five months
Samantha Brown lived in my house for about four or five months
Dont know how it looked to other people
I never slept with her even once

Well, the roads washed outweather not fit for man or beast
Yeah the roads washed outweather not fit for man or beast
Funny, how the things you have the hardest time parting with
Are the things you need the least

Im forty miles from the millIm droppin it into overdrive
Im forty miles from the millIm droppin it into overdrive
Settin my dial on the radio
I wish my mother was still alive

I see your lover-man comincomin cross the barren field
I see your lover-man comincomin cross the barren field
Hes not a gentleman at allhes rotten to the core
Hes a coward and he steals

Well my captain hes decoratedhes well schooled and hes skilled
My captain, hes decoratedhes well schooled and hes skilled
Hes not sentimentaldont bother him at all
How many of his pals have been killed

Last night the wind was whisperin, I was trying to make out what it was
Last night the wind was whisperin somethinI was trying to make out what it was
I tell myself somethings comin
But it never does

Im gonna spare the defeatedIm gonna speak to the crowd
Im gonna spare the defeated, boys, Im going to speak to the crowd
I am goin to teach peace to the conquered
Im gonna tame the proud

Well the leaves are rustlin in the woodthings are fallin off of the shelf
Leaves are rustlin in the woodthings are fallin off the shelf
You gonna need my help, sweetheart
You cant make love all by yourself										 
			Standing on the waters casting your bread
While the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing
Distant ships sailing into the mist
You were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowing
Freedom just around the corner for you
But with the truth so far off, what good will it do?

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman

So swiftly the sun sets in the sky
You rise up and say goodbye to no one
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread
Both of their futures, so full of dread, you dont show one
Shedding off one more layer of skin
Keeping one step ahead of the persecutor within

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman

Youre a man of the mountains, you can walk on the clouds
Manipulator of crowds, youre a dream twister
Youre going to Sodom and Gomorrah
But what do you care? Aint nobody there would want to marry your sister
Friend to the martyr, a friend to the woman of shame
You look into the fiery furnace, see the rich man without any name

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman

Well, the Book of Leviticus and Deuteronomy
The law of the jungle and the sea are your only teachers
In the smoke of the twilight on a milk-white steed
Michelangelo indeed couldve carved out your features
Resting in the fields, far from the turbulent space
Half asleep near the stars with a small dog licking your face

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman

Well, the riflemans stalking the sick and the lame
Preacherman seeks the same, wholl get there first is uncertain
Nightsticks and water cannons, tear gas, padlocks
Molotov cocktails and rocks behind every curtain
False-hearted judges dying in the webs that they spin
Only a matter of time til night comes steppin in

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman

Its a shadowy world, skies are slippery grey
A woman just gave birth to a prince today and dressed him in scarlet
Hell put the priest in his pocket, put the blade to the heat
Take the motherless children off the street 
And place them at the feet of a harlot
Oh, Jokerman, you know what he wants
Oh, Jokerman, you dont show any response

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune
Bird fly high by the light of the moon
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman										 
			The man in me will do nearly any task
And as for compensation, theres little he would ask
Take a woman like you
To get through to the man in me

Storm clouds are raging all around my door
I think to myself I might not take it anymore
Take a woman like your kind
To find the man in me

But, oh, what a wonderful feeling
Just to know that you are near
Sets my heart a-reeling
From my toes up to my ears

The man in me will hide sometimes to keep from bein seen
But thats just because he doesnt want to turn into some machine
Took a woman like you
To get through to the man in me										 
			Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

He saw an animal that liked to growl
Big furry paws and he liked to howl
Great big furry back and furry hair
Ah, think Ill call it a bear

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

He saw an animal up on a hill
Chewing up so much grass until she was filled
He saw milk comin out but he didnt know how
Ah, think Ill call it a cow

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

He saw an animal that liked to snort
Horns on his head and they werent too short
It looked like there wasnt nothin that he couldnt pull
Ah, think Ill call it a bull

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

He saw an animal leavin a muddy trail
Real dirty face and a curly tail
He wasnt too small and he wasnt too big
Ah, think Ill call it a pig

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

Next animal that he did meet
Had wool on his back and hooves on his feet
Eating grass on a mountainside so steep
Ah, think Ill call it a sheep

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago

He saw an animal as smooth as glass
Slithering his way through the grass
Saw him disappear by a tree near a lake . . .										 
			Shadows are falling and Ive been here all day
Its too hot to sleep, time is running away
Feel like my soul has turned into steel
Ive still got the scars that the sun didnt heal
Theres not even room enough to be anywhere
Its not dark yet, but its getting there

Well, my sense of humanity has gone down the drain
Behind every beautiful thing theres been some kind of pain
She wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind
She put down in writing what was in her mind
I just dont see why I should even care
Its not dark yet, but its getting there

Well, Ive been to London and Ive been to gay Paree
Ive followed the river and I got to the sea
Ive been down on the bottom of a world full of lies
I aint looking for nothing in anyones eyes
Sometimes my burden seems more than I can bear
Its not dark yet, but its getting there

I was born here and Ill die here against my will
I know it looks like Im moving, but Im standing still
Every nerve in my body is so vacant and numb
I cant even remember what it was I came here to get away from
Dont even hear a murmur of a prayer
Its not dark yet, but its getting there										 
			Your breath is sweet
Your eyes are like two jewels in the sky
Your back is straight, your hair is smooth
On the pillow where you lie
But I dont sense affection
No gratitude or love
Your loyalty is not to me
But to the stars above

One more cup of coffee for the road
One more cup of coffee fore I go
To the valley below

Your daddy hes an outlaw
And a wanderer by trade
Hell teach you how to pick and choose
And how to throw the blade
He oversees his kingdom
So no stranger does intrude
His voice it trembles as he calls out
For another plate of food

One more cup of coffee for the road
One more cup of coffee fore I go
To the valley below

Your sister sees the future
Like your mama and yourself
Youve never learned to read or write
Theres no books upon your shelf
And your pleasure knows no limits
Your voice is like a meadowlark
But your heart is like an ocean
Mysterious and dark

One more cup of coffee for the road
One more cup of coffee fore I go
To the valley below										 
			There was a little boy and there was a little girl
And they lived in an alley under the red sky
There was a little boy and there was a little girl
And they lived in an alley under the red sky

There was an old man and he lived in the moon
One summers day he came passing by
There was an old man and he lived in the moon
And one day he came passing by

Someday little girl, everything for you is gonna be new
Someday little girl, youll have a diamond as big as your shoe

Let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie
Let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie

This is the key to the kingdom and this is the town
This is the blind horse that leads you around

Let the bird sing, let the bird fly
One day the man in the moon went home and the river went dry
Let the bird sing, let the bird fly
The man in the moon went home and the river went dry										 
			God dont make no promises that He dont keep
You got some big dreams, baby, but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

Counterfeit philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts
Karl Marx has got ya by the throat, Henry Kissingers got you tied up in knots

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

You got innocent men in jail, your insane asylums are filled
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs thatll never cure your ills

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

You got men who cant hold their peace and women who cant control their tongues
The rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

Adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools
You got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

Spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move
Instant inner peace and every step you take has got to be approved

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

Do you ever wonder just what God requires?
You think Hes just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

You cant take it with you and you know that its too worthless to be sold
They tell you, Time is money, as if your life was worth its weight in gold

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?

Theres a Man up on a cross and Hes been crucified
Do you have any idea why or for who He died?

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?										 
			In the still of the night, in the world's ancient light
Where wisdom grows up in strife
My bewildering brain, toils in vain
Through the darkness on the pathways of life
Each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air
Tomorrow keeps turning around
We live and we die, we know not why
But I'll be with you when the deal goes down 

We eat and we drink, we feel and we think
Far down the street we stray
I laugh and I cry and I'm haunted by
Things I never meant nor wished to say
The midnight rain follows the train
We all wear the same thorny crown
Soul to soul, our shadows roll
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down

The moon gives light and shines by night
I scarcely feel the glow
We learn to live and then we forgive
O'er the road we're bound to go
More frailer than the flowers, these precious hours
That keep us so tightly bound
You come to my eyes like a vision from the skies
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down

I picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes
I followed the winding stream
I heard a deafening noise, I felt transient joys
I know they're not what they seem
In this earthly domain, full of disappointment and pain
You'll never see me frown
I owe my heart to you, and that's sayin' it true
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down										 
			The air is getting hotter
Theres a rumbling in the skies
Ive been wading through the high muddy water
With the heat rising in my eyes
Every day your memory grows dimmer
It doesnt haunt me like it did before
Ive been walking through the middle of nowhere
Trying to get to heaven before they close the door

When I was in Missouri
They would not let me be
I had to leave there in a hurry
I only saw what they let me see
You broke a heart that loved you
Now you can seal up the book and not write anymore
Ive been walking that lonesome valley
Trying to get to heaven before they close the door

People on the platforms
Waiting for the trains
I can hear their hearts a-beatin
Like pendulums swinging on chains
I tried to give you everything
That your heart was longing for
Im just going down the road feeling bad
Trying to get to heaven before they close the door

Im going down the river
Down to New Orleans
They tell me everything is gonna be all right
But I dont know what all right even means
I was riding in a buggy with Miss Mary-Jane
Miss Mary-Jane got a house in Baltimore
I been all around the world, boys
Now Im trying to get to heaven before they close the door

Gonna sleep down in the parlor
And relive my dreams
Ill close my eyes and I wonder
If everything is as hollow as it seems
Some trains don't pull no gamblers
No midnight ramblers like they did before
I been to Sugar Town, I shook the sugar down
Now Im trying to get to heaven before they close the door										 
			Throw my ticket out the window
Throw my suitcase out there, too
Throw my troubles out the door
I dont need them anymore
Cause tonight Ill be staying here with you

I should have left this town this morning
But it was more than I could do
Oh, your love comes on so strong
And Ive waited all day long
For tonight when Ill be staying here with you

Is it really any wonder
The love that a stranger might receive
You cast your spell and I went under
I find it so difficult to leave

I can hear that whistle blowin
I see that stationmaster, too
If theres a poor boy on the street
Then let him have my seat
Cause tonight Ill be staying here with you

Throw my ticket out the window
Throw my suitcase out there, too
Throw my troubles out the door
I dont need them anymore
Cause tonight Ill be staying here with you										 
			Lost John sitting on a railroad track
Something's out of wack
Blues this morning falling down like hail
Gonna leave a greasy trail

Gonna travel the world is what I'm gonna do
Then come back and see you
All I ever do is struggle and strive
If I don't do anybody any harm, I might make it back home alive

I'm the oldest son of a crazy man
I'm in a cowboy band
Got a pile of sins to pay for and I ain't got time to hide
I'd walk through a blazing fire, baby, if I knew you was on the other side

Oh, I miss you Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o'er
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one here that's left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

The world of research has gone berserk
Too much paperwork
Albert's in the graveyard, Frankie's raising hell
I'm beginning to believe what the scriptures tell

I'm going where the Southern crosses the Yellow Dog
Get away from these demagogues
And these bad luck women stick like glue
It's either one or the other or neither of the two

She says, "look out daddy, don't want you to tear your pants.
You can get wrecked in this dance."
They say whiskey will kill ya, but I don't think it will
I'm riding with you to the top of the hill

Oh, I miss you Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o'er
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one here that's left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

Don't know why my baby never looked so good before
I don't have to wonder no more
She been cooking all day and it's gonna take me all night
I can't eat all that stuff in a single bite

The Judge is coming in, everybody rise
Lift up your eyes
You can do what you please, you don't need my advice
Before you call me any dirty names you better think twice

Getting light outside, the temperature dropped
I think the rain has stopped
I'm going to make you come to grips with fate
When I'm through with you, you'll learn to keep your business straight

Oh, I miss you Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o'er
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one here that's left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

The bright spark of the steady lights
Has dimmed my sights
When you're around all my grief gives 'way
A lifetime with you is like some heavenly day

Everything I've ever known to be right has proven wrong
I'll be drifting along
The woman I'm lovin', she rules my heart
No knife could ever cut our love apart

Today I'll stand in faith and raise
The voice of praise
The sun is strong, I'm standing in the light
I wish to God that it were night

Oh, I miss you Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o'er
Winter's gone, the river's on the rise
I loved you then and ever shall
But there's no one here that's left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes										 
			Just like old Saxophone Joe
When hes got the hogshead up on his toe
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

Listen to the fiddler play
When hes playin til the break of day
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

Raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime
What do I care?
Blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum
Call me for dinner, honey, Ill be there

Saddle me up my big white goose
Tie me on er and turn her loose
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie

I dont need much and that aint no lie
Aint runnin any race
Give to me my country pie
I wont throw it up in anybodys face

Shake me up that old peach tree
Little Jack Horners got nothin on me
Oh me, oh my
Love that country pie										 
			I got my back to the sun cause the light is too intense
I can see what everybody in the world is up against
You cant turn backyou cant come back, sometimes we push too far
One day youll open up your eyes and youll see where we are

Sugar Baby get on down the road
You aint got no brains, no how
You went years without me
Might as well keep going now

Some of these bootleggers, they make pretty good stuff
Plenty of places to hide things here if you wanna hide em bad enough
Im staying with Aunt Sally, but you know, shes not really my aunt
Some of these memories you can learn to live with and some of them you cant

Sugar Baby get on down the line
You aint got no brains, no how
You went years without me
You might as well keep going now

The ladies down in Darktown, theyre doing the Darktown Strut
You always got to be prepared but you never know for what
There aint no limit to the amount of trouble women bring
Love is pleasing, love is teasing, loves not an evil thing

Sugar Baby, get on down the road
You aint got no brains, no how
You went years without me
You might as well keep going now

Every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick
Happiness can come suddenly and leave just as quick
Any minute of the day the bubble could burst
Try to make things better for someone, sometimes, you just end up making it a thousand times worse

Sugar Baby, get on down the road
You aint got no brains, no how
You went years without me
Might as well keep going now

Your charms have broken many a heart and mine is surely one
You got a way of tearing the world apart. Love, see what you done
Just as sure as were living, just as sure as youre born
Look up, look upseek your Makerfore Gabriel blows his horn

Sugar Baby, get on down the line
You aint got no sense, no how
You went years without me
Might as well keep going now										 
			Sometimes I feel so low-down and disgusted
Cant help but wonder whats happenin to my companions
Are they lost or are they found
Have they counted the cost itll take to bring down
All their earthly principles theyre gonna have to abandon?
Theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

I had a woman down in Alabama
She was a backwoods girl, but she sure was realistic
She said, Boy, without a doubt
Have to quit your mess and straighten out
You could die down here, be just another accident statistic
Theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

All that foreign oil controlling American soil
Look around you, its just bound to make you embarrassed
Sheiks walkin around like kings
Wearing fancy jewels and nose rings
Deciding Americas future from Amsterdam and to Paris
And theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

Mans ego is inflated, his laws are outdated, they dont apply no more
You cant rely no more to be standin around waitin'
In the home of the brave
Jefferson turnin over in his grave
Fools glorifying themselves, trying to manipulate Satan
And theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

Big-time negotiators, false healers and woman haters
Masters of the bluff and masters of the proposition
But the enemy I see
Wears a cloak of decency
All nonbelievers and men stealers talkin in the name of religion
And theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

People starving and thirsting, grain elevators are bursting
Oh, you know it costs more to store the food than it do to give it
They say lose your inhibitions
Follow your own ambitions
They talk about a life of brotherly love show me someone who knows how to live it
Theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend

Well, my baby went to Illinois with some bad-talkin boy she could destroy
A real suicide case, but there was nothin I could do to stop it
I dont care about economy
I dont care about astronomy
But it sure do bother me to see my loved ones turning into puppets
Theres a slow, slow train comin up around the bend										 
			Seen a shooting star tonight
And I thought of you
You were trying to break into another world
A world I never knew
I always kind of wondered
If you ever made it through
Seen a shooting star tonight
And I thought of you

Seen a shooting star tonight
And I thought of me
If I was still the same
If I ever became what you wanted me to be
Did I miss the mark or overstep the line
That only you could see?
Seen a shooting star tonight
And I thought of me

Listen to the engine, listen to the bell
As the last fire truck from hell
Goes rolling by
All good people are praying
Its the last temptation, the last account
The last time you might hear the sermon on the mount
The last radio is playing

Seen a shooting star tonight
Slip away
Tomorrow will be 
Another day
Guess its too late to say the things to you
That you needed to hear me say
Seen a shooting star tonight
Slip away										 
			To be alone with you
Just you and me
Now wont you tell me true
Aint that the way it oughta be?
To hold each other tight
The whole night through
Evrything is always right
When Im alone with you

To be alone with you
At the close of the day
With only you in view
While evening slips away
It only goes to show
That while lifes pleasures be few
The only one I know
Is when Im alone with you

They say that nighttime is the right time
To be with the one you love
Too many thoughts get in the way in the day
But youre always what Im thinkin of
I wish the night were here
Bringin me all of your charms
When only you are near
To hold me in your arms

Ill always thank the Lord
When my working days through
I get my sweet reward
To be alone with you										 
			There was a wicked messenger
From Eli he did come
With a mind that multiplied the smallest matter
When questioned who had sent for him
He answered with his thumb
For his tongue it could not speak, but only flatter

He stayed behind the assembly hall
It was there he made his bed
Oftentimes he could be seen returning
Until one day he just appeared
With a note in his hand which read
The soles of my feet, I swear theyre burning

Oh, the leaves began to fallin
And the seas began to part
And the people that confronted him were many
And he was told but these few words
Which opened up his heart
If ye cannot bring good news, then dont bring any										 
			Well, I had to go down and see a guy named Mr. Goldsmith
A nasty, dirty, double-crossin, backstabbin phony I didnt wanna have to be dealin with
But I did it for you and all you gave me was a smile
Well, I cried for younow its your turn to cry awhile

I dont carry deadweightIm no flash in the pan
All right, Ill set you straight, cant you see Im a union man?
Im lettin the cat out of the cage, Im keeping a low profile
Well, I cried for younow its your turn, you can cry awhile

Feel like a fighting roosterfeel better than I ever felt
But the Pennsylvania lines in an awful mess and the Denver road is about to melt
I went to the church house, every day I go an extra mile
Well, I cried for younow its your turn, you can cry awhile

Last night cross the alley there was a pounding on the walls
It must have been Don Pasqualli makin a two A.M. booty call
To break a trusting heart like mine was just your style
Well, I cried for younow its your turn to cry awhile

Im on the fringes of the night, fighting back tears that I cant control
Some people they aint human, they got no heart or soul
Well, Im crying to the LordIm tryin to be meek and mild
Yes, I cried for younow its your turn, you can cry awhile

Well, theres preachers in the pulpits and babies in the cribs
Im longin for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs
Im gonna buy me a barrel of whiskeyIll die before I turn senile
Well, I cried for younow its your turn, you can cry awhile

Well, you bet on a horse and it ran on the wrong way
I always said youd be sorry and today could be the day
I might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial
Well, I cried for you, now its your turn, you can cry awhile										 
			If your memry serves you well
We were goin to meet again and wait
So Im goin to unpack all my things
And sit before it gets too late
No man alive will come to you
With another tale to tell
But you know that we shall meet again
If your memry serves you well
This wheels on fire
Rolling down the road
Best notify my next of kin
This wheel shall explode!

If your memry serves you well
I was goin to confiscate your lace
And wrap it up in a sailors knot
And hide it in your case
If I knew for sure that it was yours . . .
But it was oh so hard to tell
But you knew that we would meet again
If your memry serves you well
This wheels on fire
Rolling down the road
Best notify my next of kin
This wheel shall explode!

If your memry serves you well
Youll remember youre the one
That called on me to call on them
To get you your favors done
And after evry plan had failed
And there was nothing more to tell
You knew that we would meet again
If your memry served you well
This wheels on fire
Rolling down the road
Best notify my next of kin
This wheel shall explode!										 
			Johnnys in the basement
Mixing up the medicine
Im on the pavement
Thinking about the government
The man in the trench coat
Badge out, laid off
Says hes got a bad cough
Wants to get it paid off
Look out kid
Its somethin you did
God knows when
But youre doin it again
You better duck down the alley way
Lookin for a new friend
The man in the coon-skin cap
By the big pen
Wants eleven dollar bills
You only got ten

Maggie comes fleet foot
Face full of black soot
Talkin that the heat put
Plants in the bed but
The phones tapped anyway
Maggie says that many say
They must bust in early May
Orders from the D.A.
Look out kid
Dont matter what you did
Walk on your tiptoes
Dont try No-Doz
Better stay away from those
That carry around a fire hose
Keep a clean nose
Watch the plain clothes
You dont need a weatherman
To know which way the wind blows

Get sick, get well
Hang around a ink well
Ring bell, hard to tell
If anything is goin to sell
Try hard, get barred
Get back, write braille
Get jailed, jump bail
Join the army, if you fail
Look out kid
Youre gonna get hit
But users, cheaters
Six-time losers
Hang around the theaters
Girl by the whirlpool
Lookin for a new fool
Dont follow leaders
Watch the parkin meters

Ah get born, keep warm
Short pants, romance, learn to dance
Get dressed, get blessed
Try to be a success
Please her, please him, buy gifts
Dont steal, dont lift
Twenty years of schoolin
And they put you on the day shift
Look out kid
They keep it all hid
Better jump down a manhole
Light yourself a candle
Dont wear sandals
Try to avoid the scandals
Dont wanna be a bum
You better chew gum
The pump dont work
Cause the vandals took the handles										 
			As I walked out tonight in the mystic garden
The wounded flowers were dangling from the vines
I was passing by yon cool and crystal fountain
Someone hit me from behind

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Through this weary world of woe
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
No one on earth would ever know

They say prayer has the power to help
So pray from the mother
In the human heart an evil spirit can dwell
I'm trying to love my neighbor and do good unto others
But oh, mother, things ain't going well

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
I'll burn that bridge before you can cross
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
They'll be no mercy for you once you've lost

Now I'm all worn down by weepin'
My eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry
If I catch my opponents ever sleepin'
I'll just slaughter them where they lie

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Through the world mysterious and vague
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
Walking through the cities of the plague

The whole world is filled with speculation
The whole wide world which people say is round
They will tear your mind away from contemplation
They will jump on your misfortune when you're down

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Eatin' hog-eyed grease in hog-eyed town
Heart burnin'  still yearnin'
Someday you'll be glad to have me around

They will crush you with wealth and power
Every waking moment you could crack
I'll make the most of one last extra hour
I'll avenge my father's death then I'll step back

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Hand me down my walkin' cane
Heart burnin', still yearnin' 
Got to get you out of my miserable brain

All my loyal and much-loved companions
They approve of me and share my code
I practice a faith that's been long abandoned
Ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
My mule is sick, my horse is blind
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
Thinkin' bout that gal I left behind

It's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flying
Fame and honor never seem to fade
The fire's gone out but the light is never dying
Who says I can't get heavenly aid?

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Carrying a dead man's shield 
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
Walkin' with a toothache in my heel

The suffering is unending
Every nook and cranny has it's tears
I'm not playing, I'm not pretending
I'm not nursing any superfluous fears

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Walkin' ever since the other night
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
Walkin' til I'm clean out of sight

As I walked out in the mystic garden
On a hot summer day, hot summer lawn
Excuse me, ma'am I beg your pardon
There's no one here, the gardener is gone

Ain't talkin', just walkin'
Up the road around the bend
Heart burnin', still yearnin'
In the last outback, at the world's end										  
 
			Clouds so swift
Rain wont lift
Gate wont close
Railings froze
Get your mind off wintertime
You aint goin nowhere
Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrows the day
My brides gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair!

I dont care
How many letters they sent
Morning came and morning went
Pick up your money
And pack up your tent
You aint goin nowhere
Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrows the day
My brides gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair!

Buy me a flute
And a gun that shoots
Tailgates and substitutes
Strap yourself
To the tree with roots
You aint goin nowhere
Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrows the day
My brides gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair!

Genghis Khan
He could not keep
All his kings
Supplied with sleep
Well climb that hill no matter how steep
When we get up to it
Whoo-ee! Ride me high
Tomorrows the day
My brides gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair!										 
			Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a gypsy queen
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle all dressed in green
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle til the moon is blue
Wiggle til the moon sees you

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle in your boots and shoes
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, you got nothing to lose
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a swarm of bees
Wiggle on your hands and knees

Wiggle to the front, wiggle to the rear
Wiggle til you wiggle right out of here
Wiggle til it opens, wiggle til it shuts
Wiggle til it bites, wiggle til it cuts

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a bowl of soup
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a rolling hoop
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a ton of lead
Wiggleyou can raise the dead

Wiggle til youre high, wiggle til youre higher
Wiggle til you vomit fire
Wiggle til it whispers, wiggle til it hums
Wiggle til it answers, wiggle til it comes

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like satin and silk
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a pail of milk
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, rattle and shake
Wiggle like a big fat snake										 
			If dogs run free, then why not we
Across the swooping plain?
My ears hear a symphony
Of two mules, trains and rain
The best is always yet to come
Thats what they explain to me
Just do your thing, youll be king
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, why not me
Across the swamp of time?
My mind weaves a symphony
And tapestry of rhyme
Oh, winds which rush my tale to thee
So it may flow and be
To each his own, its all unknown
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, then what must be
Must be, and that is all
True love can make a blade of grass
Stand up straight and tall
In harmony with the cosmic sea
True love needs no company
It can cure the soul, it can make it whole
If dogs run free										 
			Lenny Bruce is dead but his ghost lives on and on
Never did get any Golden Globe award, never made it to Synanon
He was an outlaw, thats for sure
More of an outlaw than you ever were
Lenny Bruce is gone but his spirits livin on and on

Maybe he had some problems, maybe some things that he couldnt work out
But he sure was funny and he sure told the truth and he knew what he was talkin about
Never robbed any churches nor cut off any babies heads
He just took the folks in high places and he shined a light in their beds
Hes on some other shore, he didnt wanna live anymore

Lenny Bruce is dead but he didnt commit any crime
He just had the insight to rip off the lid before its time
I rode with him in a taxi once
Only for a mile and a half, seemed like it took a couple of months
Lenny Bruce moved on and like the ones that killed him, gone

They said that he was sick cause he didnt play by the rules
He just showed the wise men of his day to be nothing more than fools
They stamped him and they labeled him like they do with pants and shirts
He fought a war on a battlefield where every victory hurts
Lenny Bruce was bad, he was the brother that you never had										 
			If you find it in Your heart, can I be forgiven?
Guess I owe You some kind of apology
Ive escaped death so many times, I know Im only living
By the saving grace thats over me

By this time Id-a thought I would be sleeping
In a pine box for all eternity
My faith keeps me alive, but I still be weeping
For the saving grace thats over me

Well, the death of life, then come the resurrection
Wherever I am welcome is where Ill be
I put all my confidence in Him, my sole protection
Is the saving grace thats over me

Well, the devils shining light, it can be most blinding
But to search for love, that aint no more than vanity
As I look around this world all that Im finding
Is the saving grace thats over me

The wicked know no peace and you just cant fake it
Theres only one road and it leads to Calvary
It gets discouraging at times, but I know Ill make it
By the saving grace thats over me										 
			I aint lookin to compete with you
Beat or cheat or mistreat you
Simplify you, classify you
Deny, defy or crucify you
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

No, and I aint lookin to fight with you
Frighten you or tighten you
Drag you down or drain you down
Chain you down or bring you down
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I aint lookin to block you up
Shock or knock or lock you up
Analyze you, categorize you
Finalize you or advertise you
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I dont want to straight-face you
Race or chase you, track or trace you
Or disgrace you or displace you
Or define you or confine you
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I dont want to meet your kin
Make you spin or do you in
Or select you or dissect you
Or inspect you or reject you
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you

I dont want to fake you out
Take or shake or forsake you out
I aint lookin for you to feel like me
See like me or be like me
All I really want to do
Is, baby, be friends with you										 
			The seasons they are turnin and my sad heart is yearnin
To hear again the songbirds sweet melodious tone
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The dusky light, the day is losing, Orchids, Poppies, Black-eyed Susan
The earth and sky that melts with flesh and bone
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The air is thick and heavy all along the levy
Where the geese into the countryside have flown
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

Well, Im preachin peace and harmony
The blessings of tranquility
Yet I know when the time is right to strike
Ill take you cross the river dear
Youve no need to linger here
I know the kinds of things you like

The clouds are turnin crimsonthe leaves fall from the limbs an
The branches cast their shadows over stone
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The boulevards of cypress trees, the masquerades of birds and bees
The petals, pink and white, the wind has blown
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?

The trailing moss and mystic glow
Purple blossoms soft as snow
My tears keep flowing to the sea
Doctor, lawyer, Indian chief
It takes a thief to catch a thief
For whom does the bell toll for, love? It tolls for you and me

My pulse is runnin through my palmthe sharp hills are rising from
The yellow fields with twisted oaks that groan
Wont you meet me out in the moonlight alone?										 
			You have given everything to me
What can I do for You?
You have given me eyes to see
What can I do for You?

Pulled me out of bondage and You made me renewed inside
Filled up a hunger that had always been denied
Opened up a door no man can shut and You opened it up so wide
And Youve chosen me to be among the few
What can I do for You?

You have laid down Your life for me
What can I do for You?
You have explained every mystery
What can I do for You?

Soon as a man is born, you know the sparks begin to fly
He gets wise in his own eyes and hes made to believe a lie
Who would deliver him from the death hes bound to die?
Well, Youve done it all and theres no more anyone can pretend to do
What can I do for You?

You have given all there is to give
What can I do for You?
You have given me life to live
How can I live for You?

I know all about poison, I know all about fiery darts
I dont care how rough the road is, show me where it starts
Whatever pleases You, tell it to my heart
Well, I dont deserve it but I sure did make it through
What can I do for You?										 
 
			Oh, the streets of Rome are filled with rubble
Ancient footprints are everywhere
You can almost think that youre seein double
On a cold, dark night on the Spanish Stairs
Got to hurry on back to my hotel room
Where Ive got me a date with Botticellis niece
She promised that shed be right there with me
When I paint my masterpiece

Oh, the hours Ive spent inside the Coliseum
Dodging lions and wastin time
Oh, those mighty kings of the jungle, I could hardly stand to see em
Yes, it sure has been a long, hard climb
Train wheels runnin through the back of my memory
When I ran on the hilltop following a pack of wild geese
Someday, everything is gonna be smooth like a rhapsody
When I paint my masterpiece

Sailin round the world in a dirty gondola
Oh, to be back in the land of Coca-Cola!

I left Rome and landed in Brussels
On a plane ride so bumpy that I almost cried
Clergymen in uniform and young girls pullin muscles
Everyone was there to greet me when I stepped inside
Newspapermen eating candy
Had to be held down by big police
Someday, everything is gonna be diffrent
When I paint my masterpiece										  
			If not for you
Babe, I couldnt find the door
Couldnt even see the floor
Id be sad and blue
If not for you

If not for you
Babe, Id lay awake all night
Wait for the mornin light
To shine in through
But it would not be new
If not for you

If not for you
My sky would fall
Rain would gather too
Without your love Id be nowhere at all
Id be lost if not for you
And you know its true

If not for you
My sky would fall
Rain would gather too
Without your love Id be nowhere at all
Oh! what would I do
If not for you

If not for you
Winter would have no spring
Couldnt hear the robin sing
I just wouldnt have a clue
Anyway it wouldnt ring true
If not for you										 
			If you see her, say hello, she might be in Tangier
She left here last early Spring, is livin' there, I hear
Say for me that Im all right though things get kind of slow
She might think that Ive forgotten her, dont tell her it isnt so

We had a falling-out, like lovers often will
And to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill
And though our separation, it pierced me to the heart
She still lives inside of me, we've never been apart

If you get close to her, kiss her once for me
I always have respected her for busting out and gettin' free
Oh, whatever makes her happy, I won't stand in the way
Though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night I tried to make her stay

I see a lot of people as I make the rounds
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town
And Ive never gotten used to it, Ive just learned to turn it off
Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm gettin' soft

Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past
I know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast
If shes passin back this way, I'm not that hard to find
Tell her she can look me up if she's got the time										 
			Down over the window
Comes the dazzling sunlit rays
Through the back alleysthrough the blinds
Another one of them endless days

Honey bees are buzzin
Leaves begin to stir
Im in love with my second cousin
I tell myself I could be happy forever with her

I keep listenin for footsteps
But I aint hearing any
From the boat I fish for bullheads
I catch a lot, sometimes too many

A summer breeze is blowing
A squall is settin in
Sometimes its just plain stupid
To get into any kind of wind

The old men round here, sometimes they get
On bad terms with the younger men
But old, young, age dont carry weight
It doesnt matter in the end

One of the boss hangers-on
Comes to call at times you least expect
Try to bully yastrong-arm youinspire you with fear
It has the opposite effect

Theres a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town
The old one is long gone
Timber two-foot-six across
Burns with the bark still on

They say times are hard, if you dont believe it
You can just follow your nose
It dont bother metimes are hard everywhere
Well just have to see how it goes

My old man, hes like some feudal lord
Got more lives than a cat
Never seen him quarrel with my mother even once
Things come alive or they fall flat

You can smell the pinewood burnin
You can hear the school bell ring
Gotta get up near the teacher if you can
If you wanna learn anything

Romeo, he said to Juliet, You got a poor complexion
It doesnt give your appearance a very youthful touch!
Juliet said back to Romeo, Why dont you just shove off
If it bothers you so much

They all got out of here any way they could
The cold rain can give you the shivers
They went down the Ohio, the Cumberland, the Tennessee
All the rest of them rebel rivers

If you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again
You do so at the peril of your own life
Im not quite as cool or forgiving as I sound
Ive seen enough heartaches and strife

My grandfather was a duck trapper
He could do it with just dragnets and ropes
My grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth
I dont know if they had any dreams or hopes

I had em once though, I suppose, to go along
With all the ring-dancin Christmas carols on all of the Christmas eves
I left all my dreams and hopes
Buried under tobacco leaves

Its not always easy kicking someone out
Gotta wait a whileit can be an unpleasant task
Sometimes somebody wants you to give something up
And tears or not, its too much to ask										 
			Gonna change my way of thinking
Make myself a different set of rules
Gonna change my way of thinking
Make myself a different set of rules
Gonna put my good foot forward
And stop being influenced by fools

So much oppression
Cant keep track of it no more
So much oppression
Cant keep track of it no more
Sons becoming husbands to their mothers
And old men turning young daughters into whores

Stripes on your shoulders
Stripes on your back and on your hands
Stripes on your shoulders
Stripes on your back and on your hands
Swords piercing your side
Blood and water flowing through the land

Well dont know which one is worse
Doing your own thing or just being cool
Well dont know which one is worse
Doing your own thing or just being cool
You remember only about the brass ring
You forget all about the golden rule

You can mislead a man
You can take ahold of his heart with your eyes
You can mislead a man
You can take ahold of his heart with your eyes
But theres only one authority
And thats the authority on high

I got a God-fearing woman
One I can easily afford
I got a God-fearing woman
One I can easily afford
She can do the Georgia crawl
She can walk in the spirit of the Lord

Jesus said, Be ready
For you know not the hour in which I come
Jesus said, Be ready
For you know not the hour in which I come
He said, He who is not for Me is against Me
Just so you know where Hes coming from

Theres a kingdom called Heaven
A place where there is no pain of birth
Theres a kingdom called Heaven
A place where there is no pain of birth
Well the Lord created it, mister
About the same time He made the earth

ALTERNATE VERSION


Change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules
Change my way of thinking, make myself a different set of rules
Put my best foot forward, stop being influenced by fools

Im sittin at the welcome table, Im so hungry I could eat a horse
Im sittin at the welcome table, Im so hungry I could eat a horse
Im gonna revitalize my thinking, Im gonna let the law take its course

Jesus is calling, Hes coming back to gather up his jewels
Jesus is calling, Hes coming back to gather up his jewels
We living by the golden rule, whoever got the gold rules

The sun is shining, aint but one train on this track
The sun is shining, aint but one train on this track
Im stepping out of the dark woods, Im jumping on the monkeys back

Im all dressed up, Im going to the county dance
Im all dressed up, Im going to the county dance
Every day you got to pray for guidance
Every day you got to give yourself a chance

Storms are on the ocean, storms out on the mountain, too
Storms are on the ocean, storms out on the mountain, too
Oh Lord, you know I have no friend like you

Ill tell you something, things you never had youll never miss
Ill tell you something, things you never had youll never miss
A brave man will kill you with a sword, a coward with a kiss
  
			Down along the cove
I spied my true love comin my way
Down along the cove
I spied my true love comin my way
I say, Lord, have mercy, mama
It sure is good to see you comin today"

Down along the cove
I spied my little bundle of joy
Down along the cove
I spied my little bundle of joy
She said, Lord, have mercy, honey
Im so glad youre my boy!

Down along the cove
We walked together hand in hand
Down along the cove
We walked together hand in hand.
Evrybody watchin us go by
Knows were in love, yes, and they understand										 
			I was blinded by the devil
Born already ruined
Stone-cold dead
As I stepped out of the womb
By His grace I have been touched
By His word I have been healed
By His hand Ive been delivered
By His spirit Ive been sealed

Ive been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And Im so glad
Yes, Im so glad
Im so glad
So glad
I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord

By His truth I can be upright
By His strength I do endure
By His power Ive been lifted
In His love I am secure
He bought me with a price
Freed me from the pit
Full of emptiness and wrath
And the fire that burns in it

Ive been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And Im so glad
Yes, Im so glad
Im so glad
So glad
I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord

Nobody to rescue me
Nobody would dare
I was going down for the last time
But by His mercy Ive been spared
Not by works
But by faith in Him who called
For so long Ive been hindered
For so long Ive been stalled

Ive been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And Im so glad
Yes, Im so glad
Im so glad
So glad
I want to thank You, Lord
I just want to thank You, Lord
Thank You, Lord										 
			Born in Red Hook, Brooklyn, in the year of who knows when
Opened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion
Always on the outside of whatever side there was
When they asked him why it had to be that way, Well, he answered,
just because

Larry was the oldest, Joey was next to last
They called Joe Crazy, the baby they called Kid Blast
Some say they lived off gambling and runnin numbers too
It always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue

Joey, Joey
King of the streets, child of clay
Joey, Joey
What made them want to come and blow you away?

There was talk they killed their rivals, but the truth was far from that
No one ever knew for sure where they were really at
When they tried to strangle Larry, Joey almost hit the roof
He went out that night to seek revenge, thinkin he was bulletproof

The war broke out at the break of dawn, it emptied out the streets
Joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats
Till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners
They stashed them away in a basement, called them amateurs

The hostages were tremblin when they heard a man exclaim
Lets blow this place to kingdom come, let Con Edison take the blame
But Joey stepped up, he raised his hand, said, Were not those kind of men
Its peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again

Joey, Joey
King of the streets, child of clay
Joey, Joey
What made them want to come and blow you away?

The police department hounded him, they called him Mr. Smith
They got him on conspiracy, they were never sure who with
What time is it? said the judge to Joey when they met
Five to ten, said Joey. The judge says, Thats exactly what you get

He did ten years in Attica, reading Nietzsche and Wilhelm Reich
They threw him in the hole one time for tryin to stop a strike
His closest friends were black men cause they seemed to understand
What its like to be in society with a shackle on your hand

When they let him out in 71 hed lost a little weight
But he dressed like Jimmy Cagney and I swear he did look great
He tried to find the way back into the life he left behind
To the boss he said, I have returned and now I want whats mine

Joey, Joey
King of the streets, child of clay
Joey, Joey
Why did they have to come and blow you away?

It was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun
Im around too many children, hed say, they should never know of one
Yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong deadly foe
Emptied out the register, said, Tell em it was Crazy Joe

One day they blew him down in a clam bar in New York
He could see it comin through the door as he lifted up his fork
He pushed the table over to protect his family
Then he staggered out into the streets of Little Italy

Joey, Joey
King of the streets, child of clay
Joey, Joey
What made them want to come and blow you away?

Sister Jacqueline and Carmela and mother Mary all did weep
I heard his best friend Frankie say, He aint dead, hes just asleep
Then I saw the old mans limousine head back towards the grave
I guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save

The sun turned cold over President Street and the town of Brooklyn mourned
They said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born
And someday if Gods in heaven overlookin His preserve
I know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve

Joey, Joey
King of the streets, child of clay
Joey, Joey
What made them want to come and blow you away?										 
			We carried you in our arms
On Independence Day
And now youd throw us all aside
And put us on our way
Oh what dear daughter neath the sun
Would treat a father so
To wait upon him hand and foot
And always tell him, No?
Tears of rage, tears of grief
Why must I always be the thief?
Come to me now, you know
Were so alone
And life is brief

We pointed out the way to go
And scratched your name in sand
Though you just thought it was nothing more
Than a place for you to stand
Now, I want you to know that while we watched
You discover there was no one true
Most evrybody really thought
It was a childish thing to do
Tears of rage, tears of grief
Must I always be the thief?
Come to me now, you know
Were so low
And life is brief

It was all very painless
When you went out to receive
All that false instruction
Which we never could believe
And now the heart is filled with gold
As if it was a purse
But, oh, what kind of love is this
Which goes from bad to worse?
Tears of rage, tears of grief
Must I always be the thief?
Come to me now, you know
Were so low
And life is brief										  
			Cant you hear that rooster crowin?
Rabbit runnin down across the road
Underneath the bridge where the water flowed through
So happy just to see you smile
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

Cant you hear that motor turnin?
Automobile comin into style
Comin down the road for a country mile or two
So happy just to see you smile
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

The night passed away so quickly
It always does when youre with me

Cant you feel that sun a-shinin?
Groundhog runnin by the country stream
This must be the day that all of my dreams come true
So happy just to be alive
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you

So happy just to be alive
Underneath the sky of blue
On this new morning, new morning
On this new morning with you
New morning . . .										 
			Ive just reached a place
Where the willow dont bend
Theres not much more to be said
Its the top of the end
Im going
Im going
Im gone

Im closin the book
On the pages and the text
And I dont really care
What happens next
Im just going
Im going
Im gone

I been hangin on threads
I been playin it straight
Now, Ive just got to cut loose
Before it gets late
So Im going
Im going
Im gone

Grandma said, Boy, go and follow your heart
And youll be fine at the end of the line
All thats gold isnt meant to shine
Dont you and your one true love ever part

I been walkin the road
I been livin on the edge
Now, Ive just got to go
Before I get to the ledge
So Im going
Im just going
Im gone										 
			Bye and bye, Im breathin a lovers sigh
Im sittin on my watch so I can be on time
Im singin loves praises with sugar-coated rhyme
Bye and bye, on you Im casting my eye

Im paintin the townswinging my partner around
I know who I can depend on, I know who to trust
Im watchin the roads, Im studying the dust
Im paintin the town making my last go-round

Well, Im scufflin and Im shufflin and Im walkin on briars
Im not even acquainted with my own desires

Im rollin slowIm doing all I know
Im tellin myself I found true happiness
That Ive still got a dream that hasnt been repossessed
Im rollin slow, goin where the wild roses grow

Well the future for me is already a thing of the past
You were my first love and you will be my last

Papa gone mad, mamma, shes feeling sad
Im gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more
Im gonna establish my rule through civil war
Gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can be										 
			I have heard rumors all over town
They say that youre planning to put me down
All I would like you to do
Is tell me that it isnt true

They say that youve been seen with some other man
That hes tall, dark and handsome, and youre holding his hand
Darlin, Im a-countin on you
Tell me that it isnt true

To know that some other man is holdin you tight
It hurts me all over, it doesnt seem right

All of those awful things that I have heard
I dont want to believe them, all I want is your word
So darlin, you better come through
Tell me that it isnt true

All of those awful things that I have heard
I dont want to believe them, all I want is your word
So darlin, Im countin on you
Tell me that it isnt true										 
			When your mother sends back all your invitations
And your father to your sister he explains
That youre tired of yourself and all of your creations
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all of the flower ladies want back what they have lent you
And the smell of their roses does not remain
And all of your children start to resent you
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all the clowns that you have commissioned
Have died in battle or in vain
And youre sick of all this repetition
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?

When all of your advisers heave their plastic
At your feet to convince you of your pain
Trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?

Now when all the bandits that you turned your other cheek to
All lay down their bandanas and complain
And you want somebody you dont have to speak to
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?
Wont you come see me, Queen Jane?										 
			I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Dont need a shot of heroin to kill my disease
Dont need a shot of turpentine, only bring me to my knees
Dont need a shot of codeine to help me to repent
Dont need a shot of whiskey, help me be president

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Doctor, can you hear me? I need some Medicaid
I seen the kingdoms of the world and its makin me feel afraid
What I got aint painful, its just bound to kill me dead
Like the men that followed Jesus when they put a price upon His head

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

I dont need no alibi when Im spending time with you
Ive heard all of them rumors and you have heard em too
Dont show me no picture show or give me no book to read
It dont satisfy the hurt inside nor the habit that it feeds

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Why would I want to take your life?
Youve only murdered my father, raped his wife
Tattooed my babies with a poison pen
Mocked my God, humiliated my friends

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

Dont wanna be with nobody tonight
Veronica not around nowhere, Mavis just aint right
Theres a man that hates me and hes swift, smooth and near
Am I supposed to set back and wait until hes here?

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

What makes the wind wanna blow tonight?
Dont even feel like crossing the street and my car aint actin right
Called home, everybody seemed to have moved away
My conscience is beginning to bother me today

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love

I need a shot of love, I need a shot of love
If youre a doctor, I need a shot of love										 
			Every step of the way we walk the line
Your days are numbered, so are mine
Time is pilin up, we struggle and we scrape
Were all boxed in, nowhere to escape

Citys just a jungle; more games to play
Trapped in the heart of it, tryin' to get away
I was raised in the country, I been workin in the town
I been in trouble ever since I set my suitcase down

Got nothin' for you, I had nothin' before
Dont even have anything for myself anymore
Sky full of fire, pain pourin down
Nothing you can sell me, Ill see you around

All my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime
Could never do you justice in reason or rhyme
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well, the devils in the alley, mules in the stall
Say anything you wanna, I have heard it all
I was thinkin 'bout the things that Rosie said
I was dreaming I was sleepin' in Rosies bed

Walkin' through the leaves, falling from the trees
Feelin' like a stranger nobody sees
So many things that we never will undo
I know youre sorry, Im sorry too

Some people will offer you their hand and some wont
Last night I knew you, tonight I dont
I need somethin strong to distract my mind
Im gonna look at you til my eyes go blind

Well I got here followin' the southern star
I crossed that river just to be where you are
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well my ships been split to splinters and its sinkin' fast
Im drownin in the poison, got no future, got no past
But my heart is not weary, its light and its free
Ive got nothin but affection for all those whove sailed with me

Everybody movin if they aint already there
Everybody got to move somewhere
Stick with me baby, stick with me anyhow
Things should start to get interestin' right about now

My clothes are wet, tight on my skin
Not as tight as the corner that I painted myself in
I know that fortune is waitin to be kind
So give me your hand and say youll be mine

Well, the emptiness is endless, cold as the clay
You can always come back, but you cant come back all the way
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long										  
			You took a part of me that I really miss
I keep asking myself how long it can go on like this
You told yourself a lie, thats all right mama I told myself one too
Im trying to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

You took the silver, you took the gold
You left me standing out in the cold
People ask about you, I didnt tell them everything I knew
Well, Im trying to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

Im drifting in and out of dreamless sleep
Throwing all my memories in a ditch so deep
Did so many things I never did intend to do
Well, Im tryin to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

I need your love so bad, turn your lamp down low
I need every bit of it for the places that I go
Sometimes I wonder just what its all coming to
Well, Im tryin to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

Well, I dont dare close my eyes and I dont dare wink
Maybe in the next life Ill be able to hear myself think
Feel like talking to somebody but I just dont know who
Well, Im tryin to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

The last thing you said before you hit the street
Gonna find me a janitor to sweep me off my feet
I said, Thats all right mama . . . you . . . you do what you gotta do
Well, Im tryin to get closer. Im still a million miles from you

Rock me, pretty baby, rock me til everything gets real
Rock me for a little while, rock me til theres nothing left to feel
And Ill rock you too
Im tryin to get closer but Im still a million miles from you

Well, theres voices in the night trying to be heard
Im sitting here listening to every mind-polluting word
I know plenty of people who would put me up for a day or two
Yes, Im tryin to get closer but Im still a million miles from you										 
			Precious angel, under the sun
How was I to know youd be the one
To show me I was blinded, to show me I was gone
How weak was the foundation I was standing upon?

Now theres spiritual warfare and flesh and blood breaking down
Ya either got faith or ya got unbelief and there aint no neutral ground
The enemy is subtle, how be it we are so deceived
When the truths in our hearts and we still dont believe?

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Ya know I just couldnt make it by myself
Im a little too blind to see

My so-called friends have fallen under a spell
They look me squarely in the eye and they say, All is well
Can they imagine the darkness that will fall from on high
When men will beg God to kill them and they wont be able to die?

Sister, lemme tell you about a vision I saw
You were drawing water for your husband, you were suffering under the law
You were telling him about Buddha, you were telling him about Mohammed
in the same breath
You never mentioned one time the Man who came and died a criminals death

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Ya know I just couldnt make it by myself
Im a little too blind to see

Precious angel, you believe me when I say
What God has given to us no man can take away
We are covered in blood, girl, you know our forefathers were slaves
Let us hope theyve found mercy in their bone-filled graves

Youre the queen of my flesh, girl, youre my woman, youre my delight
Youre the lamp of my soul, girl, and you torch up the night
But theres violence in the eyes, girl, so let us not be enticed
On the way out of Egypt, through Ethiopia, to the judgment hall of Christ

Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Shine your light, shine your light on me
Ya know I just couldnt make it by myself
Im a little too blind to see										 