When somebody loved me
Everything was beautiful
Every hour we spent together
Lives within my heart And when she was sad
I was there to dry her tears
And when she was happy so was I
When she loved me Through the summer and the fall
We had each other that was all
Just she and I together
Like it was meant to be And when she was lonely
I was there to comfort her
And I knew that she loved me So the years went by
I stayed the same
She began to drift away
I was left alone Still I waited for the day
When she'd say
I will always love you Lonely and forgotten
Never thought she'd look my way
She smiled at me and held me Just like she used to do
Like she loved me
When she loved me When somebody loved me
Everything was beautiful
Every hour we spent together
Lives within my heart When she loved me, hey Sentimentos são
Fáceis de mudar
Mesmo entre quem
Não vê que alguém
Pode ser seu par Basta um olhar
Que o outro não espera
Para assustar e até perturbar
Mesmo a bela e a fera Sentimento assim
Sempre é uma surpresa
Quando ele vem
Nada o detém
É uma chama acesa Sentimentos vêm
Para nos trazer
Novas sensações
Doces emoções
E um novo prazer E numa estação
Como a primavera
Sentimentos são
Como uma canção
Para a bela e a fera Sentimentos são
Como uma canção
Para a bela e a fera Para a bela e a fera Tale as old as time
True as it can be
Barely even friends
Then somebody bends
Unexpectedly. Just a little change
Small to say the least
Both a little scared
Neither one prepared
Beauty and the Beast Ever just the same
Ever a surprise
Ever as before
Ever just as sure
As the sun will rise Tale as old as time
Tune as old as song
Bittersweet and strange
Finding you can change
Learning you were wrong Certain as the sun
Rising in the east
Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Look at this stuff, isn't it neat?
Wouldn't you think my collection's complete?
Wouldn't you think I'm the girl
The girl who has everything?
Look at this trove, treasures untold
How many wonders can one cavern hold?
Lookin' around here you'd think
Sure, she's got everything I've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty
I've got whooz-its and whatz-its galore
You want thingamabobs?
I got twenty
But who cares?
No big deal
I want more I want to be where the people are
I want to see
Want to see 'em dancing
Walking around on those
Whadd'ya call 'em? Oh, feet
Flipping your fins you don't get too far
Legs are required for jumping, dancing
Strolling along down a
What's that word again? Street Up where they walk
Up where they run
Up where they stay all day in the sun
Wandering free
Wish I could be
Part of that world What would I give
If I could live
Out of these waters?
What would I pay
To spend a day
Warm on the sand?
Betcha on land
They understand
That they don't reprimand their daughters
Bright young women
Sick of swimming
Ready to stand And I'm ready to know what the people know
Ask 'em my questions
And get some answers
What's a fire and why does it
What's the word? Burn? When's it my turn?
Wouldn't I love
Love to explore that shore above?
Out of the sea
Wish I could be
Part of that world
Out of the sea
Wish I could be
Part of your world You think I'm an ignorant savage
And you've been so many places
I guess it must be so
But still I cannot see
If the savage one is me
How can there be so much that you don't know
You don't know You think you own whatever land you land on
The Earth is just a dead thing you can claim
But I know every rock and tree and creature
Has a life, has a spirit, has a name You think the only people who are people
Are the people who look and think like you
But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger
You'll learn things you never knew, you never knew Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon
Or asked the grinning bobcat why he grinned
Can you sing with all the voices of the mountains
Can you paint with all the colors of the wind
Can you paint with all the colors of the wind Come run the hidden pine trails of the forest
Come taste the sun sweet berries of the Earth
Come roll in all the riches all around you
And for once, never wonder what they're worth The rainstorm and the river are my brothers
The heron and the otter are my friends
And we are all connected to each other
In a circle, in a hoop that never ends How high will the sycamore grow
If you cut it down, then you'll never know
And you'll never hear the wolf cry to the blue corn moon
For whether we are white or copper skinned
We need to sing with all the voices of the mountains
We need to paint with all the colors of the wind You can own the Earth and still
All you'll own is Earth until
You can paint with all the colors of the wind It's a small world, it's a small world
It's a small world, it's a small world It's a world of laughter, a world of tears
It's a world of hope and a world of fears
There's so much that we share, that it's time we're aware
It's a small world after all (Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world There is just one moon and one golden sun
And a smile means friendship to everyone
Though the mountains be wide and the oceans are wide
It's a small world after all (Come on, come on) (Everybody now) it's a small world after all (can you hear me now) it's a small world after all
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world It's a small world after all, no matter if you're big or small
Come on everybody let's bounce to this
Let's play some love with a little twist
It's a small world, it's a small world It's a world of laughter, a world of tears
It's a world of hope and a world of fears
There's so much that we share, that it's time we're aware
It's a small world after all, it's a small world (Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
(Everybody now) it's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world (can you hear me now?) It's a small world after all (come on, come on)
It's a small, small, small, small world (come on, come on)
It's a small world, after all (can you hear me now?) It's a small world after all (come on, come on)
It's a small world after all
It's a small, small, small, small world (pretty small eh) It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
It's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world
It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all
It's a small world after all, it's a small, small, small, small world A dream is a wish your heart makes
When you're fast asleep
In dreams you will loose your heartache
Whatever you wish for, you keep Have faith in your dreams and someday
Your rainbow will come smiling through
No matter how your heart is grieving
If you keep on believing
The dream that you wish will come true Oh, that clock!
Oh, killjoy
I hear you, come on, get up you say
Time to start another day
Even he orders me around
Well, there's one thing
They can't order me to stop dreaming
And perhaps someday
The dreams that I wish will come true No matter how your heart is grieving
If you keep on believing
The dream that you wish will come true I've been staring at the edge of the water
Long as I can remember
Never really knowing why
I wish I could be the perfect daughter
But I come back to the water
No matter how hard I try Every turn I take
Every trail I track
Every path I make
Every road leads back to the place I know
Where I cannot go
Where I long to be See the line where the sky meets the sea
It calls me
And no one knows how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
If I go there's just no telling how far I'll go I know everybody on this island
Seems so happy on this island
Everything is by design
I know everybody on this island
Has a role on this island
So maybe I can roll with mine I can lead with pride
I can make us strong
I'll be satisfied if I play along
But the voice inside sings a different song
What is wrong with me See the light as it shines on the sea
It's blinding
But no one knows how deep it goes
And it seems like it's calling out to me
So come find me
And let me know
What's beyond that line
Will I cross that line The line where the sky meets the sea
It calls me
And no one knows how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
How far I'll go Look at me
I will never pass for a perfect bride
Or a perfect daughter
Can it be
I'm not meant to play this part?
Now I see
That if I were truly to be myself
I would break my fam'ly's heart Who is that girl I see
Staring straight
Back at me?
Why is my reflection someone
I don't know?
Somehow I cannot hide
Who I am
Though I've tried
When will my reflection show
Who I am inside?
When will my reflection show
Who I am inside? When you wish upon a star
Makes no difference who you are
Anything your heart desires
Will come to you
If your heart is in your dream
No request is too extreme
When you wish upon a star
As dreamers do
Fate is kind
She brings to those to love
The sweet fulfillment of
Their secret longing
Like a bolt out of the blue
Fate steps in and sees you through
When you wish upon a star
Your dreams come true Belle:
There's something sweet and almost kind
But he was mean and he was coarse and unrefined
And now he's dear and so unsure
I wonder why I didn't see it there before Beast:
She glanced this way, I thought I saw
And when we touched she didn't shudder at my paw
No it can't be, I'll just ignore
But then she's never looked at me that way before Belle:
New and a bit alarming
Who'd have ever thought that this could be?
True that he's no Prince Charming
But there's something in him that I simply didn't see Lumiere:
Well, who'd have thought? Mrs Potts:
Well, bless my soul Cogsworth:
Well, who'd have known? Mrs Potts:
Well, who indeed? Lumiere:
And who'd have guessed they'd come together on their own? Mrs Potts:
It's so peculiar,
Wait and see. All three:
We'll wait and see
A few days more
There may be something there that wasn't there before Cogsworth:
Well here's a thought, perhaps there's something there that wasn't there before Chip:
What mama? Mrs Potts:
There may be something there that wasn't there before If there's a prize for rotten judgment
I guess I've already won that
No man is worth the aggravation
That's ancient history, been there, done that
Who d'you think you're kidding
He's the earth and heaven to you
Try to keep it hidden
Honey we can see right through you (Oh no)
Girl, you can't conceal it
We know how you're feeling
Who you thinking of?
No chance, no way, I won't say it, no, no
You swoon, you sigh, why deny it, oh, oh
It's too cliché, I won't say I'm in love
I thought my heart had learned its lesson
It feels so good when you start out
My head is screaming "get a grip, girl"
"Unless you're dying to cry your heart out"
Girl, you can't deny it
Who you are and how you're feeling
Baby we're not buying
Hon we saw you hit the ceiling
Face it like a grown-up
When you gonna own up that you got, got, got it bad?
No chance, no way, I won't say it, no no
Give up, give in, check the grin, you're in love
This scene won't play, I won't say I'm in love
We'll do it until you admit you're in love
You're way off base, I won't say it
Get off my case, I won't say it
Girl don't be proud, it's okay you're in love
At least out loud I won't say I'm in love Tale as old as time
True as it can be
Barely even friends
Then somebody bends
Unexpectedly. Just a little change
Small to say the least
Both a little scared
Neither one prepared
Beauty and the Beast Ever just the same
Ever a surprise
Ever as before
Ever just as sure
As the sun will rise Tale as old as time
Tune as old as song
Bittersweet and strange
Finding you can change
Learning you were wrong Certain as the sun
Rising in the east
Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Little town
It's a quiet village
Every day
Like the one before
Little town
Full of little people
Waking up to say Bonjour
Bonjour
Bonjour Bonjour Bonjour There goes the baker with his tray, like always
The same old bread and rolls to sell
Every morning just the same
Since the morning that we came
To this poor provincial town
Good Morning, Belle
'Morning, Monsieur
Where are you off to
The bookshop. I just finished the most wonderful story
about a beanstalk and an ogre and a
That's nice. Marie, the baguettes hurry up Look there she goes that girl is strange, no question
Dazed and distracted, can't you tell
Never part of any crowd
'Cause her head's up on some cloud
No denying she's a funny girl that Belle Bonjour
Good day
How is your family Bonjour
Good day
How is your wife I need six eggs
That's too expensive There must be more than this provincial life Ah, Belle
Good Morning. I've come to return the book I borrowed
Finished already
Oh, I couldn't put it down. Have you got anything new
Ha Ha! Not since yesterday
That's all right. I'll borrow, this one
That one? But you've read it twice
Well, it's my favorite! Far off places, daring sword fights
magic spells, a prince in disguise
If you like it all that much, it's yours
But sir
I insist
Well, thank you. Thank you very much Look there she goes that girl is so peculiar
I wonder if she's feeling well
With a dreamy far-off look
And her nose stuck in a book
What a puzzle to the rest of us is Belle Oh, isn't this amazing?
It's my favorite part because you'll see
Here's where she meets Prince Charming
But she won't discover that it's him 'til chapter three Now it's no wonder that her name means "beauty"
Her looks have got no parallel
But behind that fair facade
I'm afraid she's rather odd
Very diff'rent from the rest of us
She's nothing like the rest of us
Yes, diff'rent from the rest of us is Belle Wow! You didn't miss a shot, Gaston, You're the greatest
hunter in the whole world!
I know.
No beast alive stands a chance against you. Ha ha ha and
no girl, for that matter.
It's true, LeFou. And I've got my sights set on that one
Hmm the inventor's daughter
She's the one - the lucky girl I'm going to marry
But she's
The most beautiful girl in town.
I know, but
That makes her the best. And don't I deserve the best
Well, of course! I mean you do, but Right from the moment when I met her, saw her
I said she's gorgeous and I fell
Here in town there's only she
Who is beautiful as me
So I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle Look there he goes
Isn't he dreamy
Monsieur Gaston
Oh he's so cute
Be still my heart
I'm hardly breathing
He's such a tall, dark, strong and handsome brute Bonjour
Pardon
Good day
Mais oui
You call this bacon
What lovely grapes
Some cheese
Ten yards
One pound
'Scuse me
I'll get the knife
Please let me through
This bread
Those fish
It's stale
They smell
Madame's mistaken There must be more than this provincial life
Just watch, I'm going to make Belle my wife Look there she goes a girl who's strange but special
A most peculiar mademoiselle
It's a pity and a sin
She doesn't quite fit in
'Cause she really is a funny girl
A beauty but a funny girl
She really is a funny girl
That Belle Master, I don't think you quite realize what you got here!
So, why don't you just ruminate,
Whilst I illuminate the possibilities! Well, Ali Baba had them forty thieves,
Scheherazade had a thousand tales.
But master you're in luck, 'cause up your sleeves
You've got a brand of magic never fails You've got some power in your corner now!
Some heavy ammunition in your camp!
You got some punch, pizzaz, yahoo and how...
See, all you gotta do is rub that lamp, and I'll say: Chorus:
"Mr. Aladdin, sir, what will your pleasure be?
Let me take your order, jot it down?"
You ain't never had friend like me Life is your restaurant and I'm your maitre'd
Come on whisper what it is you want;
You ain't never had friend like me! Yes sir, we pride ourselves on service.
You're the boss, the king, the shah.
Say what you wish; it's yours, true dish.
How 'bout a little more baklava? Have some of column A try All of column B,
I'm in the mood to help you, dude.
You ain't never had friend like me Oh my. No no. My my my.
Can your friends do this?
Can your friends do that?
Can your friends pull this
Out their little hat?
Can your friends go poof?
Well looky here!
Can your friends go abracadabra, let her rip,
And then make the sucker disappear? So don't just sit there slack-jawed, buggy-eyed,
I'm here to answer all your midnight prayers,
You've got me bona fide certified;
You've got a genie for charge d'affaires. I've got a powerful urge to help you out,
So what you wish, I really wanna know?
You've got a list that's three miles long, no doubt,
Well all you've gotta do is rub like so, and oh ­- Mr. Aladdin, sir, have a wish or two or three.
I'm on the job you big nabob!
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend,
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend,
You ain't never had a friend like me.
You ain't never had a friend like me The seaweed is always greener
In somebody else's lake
You dream about going up there
But that is a big mistake
Just look at the world around you
Right here on the ocean floor
Such wonderful things surround you
What more is you lookin' for? Under the sea
Under the sea
Darling it's better
Down where it's wetter
Take it from me
Up on the shore they work all day
Out in the sun they slave away
While we devotin'
Full time to floatin'
Under the sea Down here all the fish is happy
As off through the waves they roll
The fish on the land ain't happy
They sad 'cause they in their bowl
But fish in the bowl is lucky
They in for a worser fate
One day when the boss get hungry
Guess who's gon' be on the plate? Under the sea
Under the sea
Nobody beat us
Fry us and eat us
In fricassee
We what the land folks loves to cook
Under the sea we off the hook
We got no troubles
Life is the bubbles
Under the sea (Under the sea)
Under the sea (Under the sea) Since life is sweet here
We got the beat here
Naturally (Naturally)
Even the sturgeon an' the ray
They get the urge 'n' start to play
We got the spirit
You got to hear it
Under the sea The newt play the flute
The carp play the harp
The plaice play the bass
And they soundin' sharp
The bass play the brass
The chub play the tub
The fluke is the duke of soul
(Yeah)
The ray he can play
The lings on the strings
The trout rockin' out
The blackfish she sings
The smelt and the sprat
They know where it's at
An' oh that blowfish blow Yeah, under the sea (Under the sea)
Under the sea (Under the sea)
When the sardine
Begin the beguine
It's music to me (It's music to me)
What do they got? A lot of sand
We got a hot crustacean band
Each little clam here
Know how to jam here
Under the sea
Each little slug here
Cuttin' a rug here
Under the sea
Each little snail here
Know how to wail here
That's why it's hotter
Under the water
Ya we in luck here
Down in the muck here
Under the sea [Gramma Tala:]
I know a girl from an island
She stands apart from the crowd
She loves the sea and her people
She makes her whole family proud
Sometimes the world seems against you
The journey may leave a scar
But scars can heal and reveal just
Where you are The people you love will change you
The things you have learned will guide you
And nothing on earth can silence
The quiet voice still inside you
And when that voice starts to whisper
Moana you've come so far
Moana listen
Do you know who you are? [Moana:]
Who am I?
I am a girl who loves my island
I'm the girl who loves the sea
It calls me
I am the daughter of the village chief
We are descended from voyagers
Who found their way across the world
They call me
I've delivered us to where we are
I have journeyed farther
I am everything I've learned and more
Still it calls me
And the call isn't out there at all, it's inside me
It's like the tide; always falling and rising
I will carry you here in my heart you'll remind me
That come what may
I know the way
I am Moana! The only way to get what you want is to become a human yourself
Can you do that? My dear, sweet child, that's what I do
It's what I live for
To help unfortunate merfolk like yourself
Poor souls with no one else to turn to I admit that in the past I've been a nasty
They weren't kidding when they called me, well, a witch
But you'll find that nowadays
I've mended all my ways
Repented, seen the light, and made a switch
To this
And I fortunately know a little magic
It's a talent that I always have possessed
And dear lady, please don't laugh
I use it on behalf
Of the miserable, the lonely, and depressed (Pathetic) Poor unfortunate souls
In pain, in need
This one longing to be thinner
That one wants to get the girl
And do I help them?
Yes, indeed
Those poor unfortunate souls
So sad, so true
They come flocking to my cauldron
Crying, "Spells, Ursula, please!"
And I help them
Yes I do Now it's happened once or twice
Someone couldn't pay the price
And I'm afraid I had to rake 'em 'cross the coals
Yes I've had the odd complaint
But on the whole I've been a saint
To those poor unfortunate souls Have we got a deal?
If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again
But you'll have your man
Life's full of tough choices, isn't it?
Oh, and there is one more thing
We haven't discussed the subject of payment
But I don't have-
I'm not asking much, just a token really, a trifle
What I want from you is your voice
But without my voice, how can I-
You'll have your looks, your pretty face
And don't underestimate the importance of body language, ha! The men up there don't like a lot of blabber
They think a girl who gossips is a bore
Yet on land it's much preferred for ladies not to say a word
And after all dear, what is idle babble for?
Come on, they're not all that impressed with conversation
True gentlemen avoid it when they can
But they dote and swoon and fawn
On a lady who's withdrawn
It's she who holds her tongue who gets a man Come on you poor unfortunate soul
Go ahead
Make your choice
I'm a very busy woman and I haven't got all day
It won't cost much
Just your voice!
You poor unfortunate soul
It's sad but true
If you want to cross the bridge, my sweet
You've got the pay the toll
Take a gulp and take a breath
And go ahead and sign the scroll
Flotsam, Jetsam, now I've got her, boys
The boss is on a roll
This poor unfortunate soul Beluga sevruga
Come winds of the Caspian Sea
Larengix glaucitis
Et max laryngitis
La voce to me Now, sing
Aa-aa-aah, a-aa-aah
Keep singing!
Aa-aa-aah, a-aa-aah (Spoken) Mama, I don't have time for dancing
(Sung) That's just gonna have to wait a while
Ain't got time for messing around
And it's not my style This old town can slow you down
People taking the easy way
But I know exactly where I'm going
I'm getting closer and closer everyday And I'm almost there
I'm almost there
People 'round here think I'm crazy
But I don't care Trials and tribulations
I've had my share
But there ain't nothing gonna stop me now
Cause I'm almost there I remember daddy told me
"Fairy tales can come true
But you gotta make it happen
It all depends on you" So I work real hard each and everyday
Now things for sure are going my way
Just doing what I do
Look out boys I'm coming through And I'm almost there
I'm almost there
People gonna come here from everywhere
And I'm almost there I'm almost there There's been trials and tribulations
You know I've had my share
But I've climbed a mountain, I've crossed a river
And I'm almost there I'm almost there I'm almost there I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream
I know you That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true
That visions are seldom what they seem But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once
The way you did once upon a dream La da la da la ahahahahah
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream
I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream I know you
That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true That visions are seldom what they seem
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream The King and his men
stole the queen from her bed,
and bound her in her bones.
The seas be ours, and by the powers;
where we will, we'll roam. Yo ho, all hands,
hoist the colors high.
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
never shall we die. Now, some have died and some are alive
and others sail on the sea.
With the keys to the cage
and the devil to pay,
we lay to the fiddler's green. Yo ho haul together,
hoist the colors high.
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
never shall we die. The bell has been raised
from its watery grave,
hear its sepulchral tone.
A call to all; pay heed the squall,
and turn your sails to home. Yo ho, haul together,
hoist the colors high.
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
never shall we die. Yo ho, haul together,
hoist the colors high.
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
never shall we die. Yo ho, haul together,
hoist the colors high.
Heave ho, thieves and beggars;
never shall we die. The king and his men
stole the queen from her bed,
and bound her in her bones.
The seas be ours, and by the powers;
where we will; we'll roam. So many times out there
I've watched a happy pair of lovers walking in the night
They had a kind of glow around them
It almost looked like heaven's light I knew I'd never know that warm and loving glow
Though I might wish with all my might
No face as hideous as my face
Was ever meant for heaven's light But suddenly an angel has smiled at me
And kissed my cheek without a trace of fright I dare to dream that she might even care for me
And as I ring these bells tonight
My cold dark tower seems so bright
I swear it must be Heaven's light Confiteor deo omnipotenti
(I confess to God almighty)
Beatae Mariae semper virgini
(To blessed Mary ever virgin)
Beato Michaeli archangelo
(To the blessed Archangel Michael)
Sanctis apostolis omnibus sanctis
(To the Holy Apostles, to all the saints) Beata Maria, you know I am a righteous man
Of my virtue I am justly proud
Et tibit Pater
(And to you, Father) Beata Maria, you know I'm so much purer than
The common, vulgar, weak, licentious crowd
Quia peccavi nimis
(That I have sinned) Then tell me, Maria, why I see her dancing there?
Why her smold'ring eyes still scorch my soul
Cogitatione
(In thought) I feel her, I see her, the sun caught in her raven hair
Is blazing in me out of all control
Verbo et opere
(In word and deed) Like fire, Hellfire
This fire in my skin
This burning desire
Is turning me to sin
It's not my fault Mea culpa
(Through my fault)
I'm not to blame
Mea culpa
(Through my fault) It is the gypsy girl
The witch who sent this flame
Mea maxima culpa
(Through my most grievous fault)
It's not my fault
Mea culpa
(Through my fault) If in God's plan
Mea culpa
(Through my fault)
He made the devil so much
Stronger than a man
Mea maxima culpa
(Through my most grievous fault) Protect me, Maria
Don't let this siren cast her spell
Don't let her fire sear my flesh and bone
Destroy Esmeralda
And let her taste the fires of hell
Or else let her be mine and mine alone Minister Frollo, the gypsy has escaped
What? No longer in the cathedral, she's gone
But how? Never mind, get out, you idiot
I'll find her, I'll find her if I have to burn down all of Paris Hellfire, dark fire
Now gypsy, it's your turn
Choose me or your pyre
Be mine or you will burn Kyrie Eleison
(Lord, have mercy)
God, have mercy on her
Kyrie Eleison
(Lord, have mercy) God, have mercy on me
Kyrie Eleison
(Lord, have mercy)
But she will be mine
Or she will burn I'm gonna be a mighty king
So enemies beware!
Well, I've never seen a king of beasts
With quite so little hair
I'm gonna be the mane event
Like no king was before I'm brushing up on looking down
I'm working on my ROAR
Thus far, a rather uninspiring thing
Oh, I just can't wait to be king!
(You've rather a long way to go, young master
if you think) No one saying do this
(Now when I said that, I)
No one saying be there
(What I meant was)
No one saying stop that
(Look, what you don't realize) No one saying see here
(Now see here!)
Free to run around all day
(Well, that's definitely out)
Free to do it all my way!
I think it's time that you and I Arranged a heart to heart
Kings don't need advice
From little hornbills for a start
If this is where the monarchy is headed
Count me out!
Out of service, out of Africa I wouldn't hang about
This child is getting wildly out of wing
Oh, I just can't wait to be king!
Everybody look left
Everybody look right
Everywhere you look I'm Standing in spotlight!
Not yet!
Let every creature go for broke and sing
Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing
It's gonna be King Simba's finest fling
Oh, I just can't wait to be king!
Oh, I just can't wait to be king!
Oh, I just can't wait to be king! A word's just a word
'Til you mean what you say
And love isn't love
'Til you give it away We've all got a gift
Yeah, something to give
To make a change Send it on, on and on
Just one hand can heal another
Be a part, reach a heart
Just one spark starts a fire With one little action
The chain reaction will never stop
Make it strong
Shine a light, and send it on Just smile, and the world
Will smile along with you
That small act of love
Is meant for one who become two If we take the chances
To change circumstances
Imagine all we can do If we send it on, on and on
Just one hand can heal another
Be a part, reach a heart
Just one spark starts a fire With one little action
The chain reaction will never stop
Make it strong
Shine a light, and send it on
Send it on, ooh, send it on There's power in all
Of the choices we make
So I'm starting now
There's not a moment to waste A word's just word
'Til you mean what you say
And love isn't love
'Til you give it away Send it on, on and on
Just one hand can heal another
Be a part, reach a heart
Just one spark starts a fire With one little action
The chain reaction will never stop
Make it strong
Shine a light, and send it on Send it on, on and on
Just one hand can heal another
Be a part, reach a heart
Just one spark starts a fire With one little action
The chain reaction will help things start
Make it strong
Shine a light, and send it on
Shine a light, and send it on
Shine a light, and send it on Every time she'd find a minute
That's the time that they begin it
Cinderelly, Cinderelly (Cinderella!) Cinderelly, Cinderelly
Night and day it's Cinderelly
Make the fire, fix the breakfast
Wash the dishes, do the mopping
And the sweeping and the dusting
They always keep her hopping
She goes around in circles till she's very, very dizzy
Still they holler "Keep a-busy, Cinderelly!" We can do it, we can do it
We can help our Cinderelly
We can make her dress so pretty
There's nothing to it, really
We'll tie a sash around it
Put a ribbon through it
When dancing at the ball she'll be more beautiful than all
In the lovely dress we'll make for Cinderelly! Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry
Gonna help our Cinderelly
Got no time to dilly-dally
We gotta get a-goin'
I'll cut it with these scissors!
And I can do the sewing!
Leave the sewing to the women
You go get some trimmin'
And we'll make a lovely dress for Cinderelly, whoo! We'll make a lovely dress for Cinderelly! Morning in Paris, the city awakes
To the bells of Notre Dame
The fisherman fishes, the bakerman bakes
To the bells of Notre Dame
To the big bells as loud as the thunder
To the little bells soft as a psalm
And some say the soul of the city is
The toll of the bells
The bells of Notre Dame Dark was the night when our tale was begun
On the docks near Notre Dame Four frightened gypsies slid silently under
The docks near Notre Dame But a trap had been laid for the gypsies
And they gazed up in fear and alarm
At a figure whose clutches
Were iron as much as the bells The bells of Notre Dame (Kyrie Eleison)
Judge Claude Frollo longed
To purge the world
Of vice and sin
(Kyrie Eleison)
And he saw corruption
Ev'rywhere
Except within Dies irae, dies illa
(Dies irae, dies illa)
Dies irae, dies illa
(Dies irae, dies illa)
Solvet saeclum in favilla
Teste David cum sibylla
Quantus tremor est futurus
Quando Judex est venturus See there the innocent blood you have spilt
On the steps of Notre Dame Now you would add this child's blood to your guilt
On the steps of Notre Dame You can lie to yourself and your minions
You can claim that you haven't a qualm
But you never can run from
Nor hide what you've done from the eyes
The very eyes of Notre Dame (Kyrie Eleison)
And for one time in his live
Of power and control
(Kyrie Eleison)
Frollo felt a twinge of fear
For his immortal soul Just so he's kept locked away
Where no one else can see Even this foul creature may
Yet prove one day to be
Of use to me Now here is a riddle to guess if you can
Sing the bells of Notre Dame
Who is the monster and who is the man Sing the bells, bells, bells, bells
Bells, bells, bells, bells
Bells of Notre Dame I can show you the world
Shining, shimmering, splendid
Tell me, princess, now when did
You last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes
Take you wonder by wonder
Over, sideways and under
On a magic carpet ride A whole new world
A new fantastic point of view
No one to tell us no or where to go
Or say we're only dreaming A whole new world
A dazzling place I never knew
But when I'm way up here, it's crystal clear
That now I'm in a whole new world with you
Now I'm in a whole new world with you Unbelievable sights
Indescribable feeling
Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling
Through an endless diamond sky A whole new world
Don't you dare close your eyes
A hundred thousand things to see
(Hold your breath, it gets better) I'm like a shooting star
I've come so far
I can't go back
To where I used to be A whole new world
Every turn a surprise
With new horizons to pursue
Every moment red-letter I'll chase them anywhere
There's time to spare
Let me share this whole new world with you A whole new world
That's where we'll be
A thrilling chase
A wondrous place
For you and me Somewhere out there,
Beneath the pale moonlight,
Someone's thinking of me,
And loving me tonight. Somewhere out there,
Someone's saying a prayer,
That we'll find one another,
In that big somewhere out there. And even though I know how very far apart we are,
It helps to think we might be wishing on the same bright star,
And when the night wind starts to sing a lonesome lullaby,
It helps to think we're sleeping underneath the same big sky! Somewhere out there,
If love can see us through,
Then we'll be together,
Somewhere out there,
Out where dreams
Come true... There you see her
Sitting there across the way
She don't got a lot to say
But there's something about her
And you don't know why
But you're dying to try
You wanna kiss the girl Yes, you want her
Look at her, you know you do
Possible she wants you too
There is one way to ask her
It don't take a word
Not a single word
Go on and kiss the girl Sing with me now
Sha la la la la la
My oh my
Look like the boy too shy
Ain't gonna kiss the girl
Sha la la la la la
Ain't that sad?
Ain't it a shame?
Too bad, he gonna miss the girl Now's your moment
Floating in a blue lagoon
Boy, you better do it soon
No time will be better
She don't say a word
And she won't say a word
Until you kiss the girl Sha la la la la la
Don't be scared
You got the mood prepared
Go on and kiss the girl
Sha la la la la la
Don't stop now
Don't try to hide it how
You want to kiss the girl
Sha la la la la la
Float along
And listen to the song
The song say kiss the girl
Sha la la la la la
The music play
Do what the music say
You got to kiss the girl
You've got to kiss the girl
You wanna kiss the girl
You've gotta kiss the girl
Go on and kiss the girl Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
My, oh, my, what a wonderful day
Plenty of sunshine headin' my way
Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay! Mister Bluebird's on my shoulder
It's the truth, it's "actch'll"
Everything is "satisfactch'll" Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Wonderful feeling, wonderful day!
Yes, sir Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
My, oh, my, what a wonderful day
Plenty of sunshine headin' my way
Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay! Mister Bluebird's on my shoulder
It's the truth, it's "actch'll"
Everything is "satisfactch'll" Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Wonderful feeling, feeling this way! Mister Bluebird's on my shoulder
It is the truth, it's "actch'll", hm? Where is that bluebird? Everything is "satisfactch'll"
Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay
Wonderful feeling, wonderful day! Bless my soul
Herc was on a roll
Person of the week in every Greek opinion poll
What a pro!
Herc could stop a show
Point him at a monster and you're talking S.R.O. He was a no one
A zero, zero
Now he a hot shot
He's a hero
He was a kid with his act down pat
From zero to hero in no time flat
Zero to hero, just like that! When he smiled the girls went wild
With oohs and ahhs
And they slapped his face on ev'ry vase
(On every vahse) From appearance fees and royalties
Our Herc had cash to burn
Now nouveau riche and famous
He could tell you what's a Grecian "earn"! Say "Amen"
There he goes again
Sweet and undefeated
And an awesome 10 for 10
Folks lined up
Just to watch him flex
And this perfect package packed a pair of pretty pecs Hercie, he comes, he sees, he conquers
Honey, the crowds were going bonkers
He showed the moxie, brains, and spunk
From zero to hero
A major hunk
Zero to hero
And who'd have thunk? Who put the "glad" in "gladiator"?
Hercules!
Whose daring deeds are great theater?
Hercules!
Is he bold?
No one braver!
Is he sweet?
Our favorite flavor! Hercules, Hercules
Hercules, Hercules
Hercules, Hercules Bless my soul
Herc was on a roll
Undefeated
Riding high
And the nicest guy
Not conceited He was a nothin'
A zero, zero
Now he's a hot-shot
He's our hero
He hit the heights at breakneck speed! From zero to hero
Herc is a hero
Now he's a hero Yes indeed! Tale as old as time
True as it can be
Barely even friends
Then somebody bends
Unexpectedly. Just a little change
Small to say the least
Both a little scared
Neither one prepared
Beauty and the Beast Ever just the same
Ever a surprise
Ever as before
Ever just as sure
As the sun will rise Tale as old as time
Tune as old as song
Bittersweet and strange
Finding you can change
Learning you were wrong Certain as the sun
Rising in the east
Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Tale as old as time
Song as old as rhyme
Beauty and the Beast Think of a wonderful thought
Any merry little thought
Think of Christmas, think of snow
Think of sleigh bells off you go
Like reindeer in the sky You can fly
You can fly
You can fly Think of the happiest things
It's the same as having wings
Take the path that moonbeams make
If the moon is still awake
You'll see him wink his eye You can fly
You can fly
You can fly Up you go with a height and ho
To the stars beyond the blue
There's a Never Land waiting for you
Where all your happy dreams come true
Every dream that you dream will come true When there's a smile in your heart
There's no better time to start
Think of all the joy you'll find
When you leave the world behind
And bid your cares goodbye You can fly
You can fly
You can fly
You can fly
You can fly When there's a smile in your heart
There's no better time to start
Think of all the joy you'll find
When you leave the world behind
And bid your cares goodbye You can fly
You can fly
You can fly
You can fly
You can fly I've been standing at the edge of the water
Long as I can remember
Never really knowing why
I wish I could be the perfect daughter
But I come back to the water
No matter how hard I try Every turn I take
Every trail I track
Every path I make
Every road leads back to the place I know
Where I cannot go
Where I long to be See the light where the sky meets the sea
It calls me
No one knows how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
If I go there's just no telling how far I'll go I know everybody on this island
Seems so happy on this island
Everything is by design
I know everybody on this island
Has a role on this island
So maybe I can roll with mine I can lead with pride
I can make us strong
I'll be satisfied if I play along
But the voice inside sings a different song
What is wrong with me See the light as it shines on the sea
It's blinding
But no one knows how deep it goes
And it seems like it's calling out to me
So come find me
And let me know
What's beyond that line
Will I cross that line See the light where the sky meets the sea
It calls me
And no one knows how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
How far I'll go Well Tamatoa hasn't always been this glam
I was a drab little crab once
Now I know I can be happy as a clam
Because I'm beautiful baby Did your granny say listen to your heart?
Be who you are on the inside?
I need three words to tear her argument apart: your granny lied I'd rather be shiny
Like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck
Scrub the deck and make it look shiny
I will sparkle like a wealthy woman's neck
Just a sec, don't ya know
Fish are dumb, dumb, dumb
They chase anything that glitters, beginners
Oh and here they come, come, come to the brightest thing that glitters
Mmm fish dinners
I just love free food (free food) and you look like sea food (sea food) Well, well, well
Little Maui's havin' trouble with his look
You little semi, demi, mini god
Ouch what a terrible performance get the hook
Get it?
You don't swing it like you used to, man
Yet I have to give you credit from my start
And your tattoos on the outside
For just like you I made myself a work of art
I'll never hide
I can't I'm too shiny
Watch me dazzle like a diamond in the rough
Strut my stuff, my stuff is so shiny
Send your armies but they'll never be enough
My shell's too tough, Maui man
You can try, try, try but you can't expect a demigod to beat a decapod
Look it up
You will die, die, die now it's time for me to take apart your achin' heart Far from the ones who abandoned you
Chasin' the love of the humans who made you feel wanted
You tried to be tough but your armor's just not hard enough
Maui, now it's time to kick your heiney
Ever seen someone so shiny Soak it in 'cause it's the last you'll ever see
C'est la vie, mon ami
I'm so shiny
Now I'll eat you so prepare your final plea just for me
You'll never be quite as shiny
You wish you were nice and shiny What I love most about rivers is
You can't step in the same river twice
The water's always changing, always flowing But people, I guess, can't live like that
We all must pay a price
To be safe, we lose our chance of ever knowing What's around the river bend
Waiting just around the river bend I look once more just around the river bend
Beyond the shore where the gulls fly free
Don't know what for what I dream the day might send
Just around the river bend for me, coming for me I feel it there beyond those trees
Or right behind these waterfalls
Can I ignore that sound of distant drumming? For a handsome sturdy husband who builds handsome sturdy walls
And never dreams that something might be coming? Just around the river bend
Just around the river bend I look once more just around the river bend
Beyond the shore somewhere past the sea
Don't know what for why do all my dreams extend
Just around the river bend, just around the river bend Should I choose the smoothest course
Steady as the beating drum? Should I marry Kocoum?
Is all my dreaming at an end?
Or do you still wait for me, dream giver
Just around the river bend? In every job that must be done
There is an element of fun
You find the fun and snap!
The job's a game And every task you undertake
Becomes a piece of cake
A lark! A spree! It's very clear to see that A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
The medicine go down, the medicine go down
Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
In a most delightful way A robin feathering his nest has very little time to rest
While gathering his bits of twine and twig
Though quite intent in his pursuit
He has a merry tune to toot
He knows a song will move the job along For a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
The medicine go down, the medicine go down
Just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
In a most delightful way The honey bee that fetch the nectar from the flowers to the comb
Never tired of ever buzzing to and fro
Because they take a little nip from every flower that they sip
And hence (And hence)
They find (They find)
Their task is not a grind Ah, ah, ah! Ma chere Mademoiselle, it is with deepest pride
and greatest pleasure that we welcome you tonight,
And now we invite you to relax, let us pull up a
chair as the dining room proudly presents
your dinner! Be our guest! Be our guest!
Put our service to the test
Tie your napkin 'round your neck, cherie
and we provide the rest
soup du jour, hot hors d'oeuvres
why, we only live to serve
try the grey stuff, it's delicious
don't believe me? ask the dishes
they can sing, they can dance
after all, Miss, this is France
and dinner here is never second best
go on, unfold your menu, take a glance then you'll be our guest, oui, our guest, be our guest beef ragout, cheese soufflé
pie and pudding en flambé
we`ll prepare and serve with flair a culinary cabaret!
you're alone, and you're scared
but the banquet's all prepared
no one's gloomy or complaining
while the flatware's entertaining
we tell jokes! I do tricks with my fellow candlesticks
and it's all in perfect taste that you can bet
come on and lift your glass, you've won your own free pass
to be our guest, if you're stressed
its fine dining we suggest, be our guest, be our guest, be our guest! life is so unnerving
for a servant who's not serving
he's not whole without a soul to wait upon
as, those good old days when we were useful...
suddenly those good old days are gone
ten years we've been rusting
needing so much more than dusting
needing exercise, a chance to use our skills!
most days we just lay around the castle
flabby, fat, and lazy, you walked in and oops-a-daisy it's a guest it's a guest
sakes alive, we'll be blessed
wines been poured and thank the Lord
I've had the napkins freshly pressed
with dessert, she'll want tea
and my dear that fine with me
while the cups do their soft-shoein'
I'll be bubbling, I'll be brewing
I'll get warm, piping hot
heaven's sakes! is that a spot
clean it up! we want the company impressed
we've got a lot to do, is it one lump or two
for you our guest, she's our guest,
she's our guest, she's our guest
be our guest! be our guest! be our guest Be our guest! be our guest!
our command is your request
it's been years since we've had anybody here
and were obsessed, with you meal, with your ease
yes, indeed, we aim to please
while the candlelight's still glowing
let us help you, well keep going
course by course, one by one
till you shout, enough I'm done
then well sing you off to sleep as you digest
tonight you'll prop your feet up, but for now, let's eat up Be our guest! Be our guest! Be our guest!
Please, be our guest! Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
We pillage, we plunder, we rifle, and loot
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot
Drink up me 'earties, yo ho Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
We extort, we pilfer, we filch, and sack
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
Maraud and embezzle, and even high-jack
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
We kindle and char, inflame and ignite
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
We burn up the city, we're really a fright
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho We're rascals, scoundrels, villans, and knaves
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
We're devils and black sheep, really bad eggs
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me
We're beggars and blighters, ne'er-do-well cads
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho
Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads
Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow Oh, the weather outside is frightful
But the fire is so delightful
And since we've no place to go
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow It doesn't show signs of stopping
And I've bought some corn for popping
The lights are turned way down low
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss goodnight
How I hate going out in the storm
But if you'll really hold me tight
All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying
And my dear, we're still goodbying
But as long as you love me so
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss goodnight
How I hate going out in the storm
But if you'll really hold me tight
All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying
And, my dear, we're still goodbying
But as long as you love me so
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow As long as you love me so
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow
Let it snow, let it snow Salagadoola mechicka boola
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo
Put them together and what have you got
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo Salagadoola mechicka boola
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo
It'll do magic, believe it or not
Bibbidi-bobbidi-boo Yes, salagadoola means
Mechicka booleroo
But the thing mabob that does the job
Is bibbidi-bobbidi-boo I got myself a notion
And one I know that you'll understand
To set the world in motion by reaching out for each other's hand Maybe we'll discover
What we shoulda known all along
One way or another, together's where we both belong If we listen to each other's heart
We'll find we're never too far apart
And maybe love is a reason why
For the first time ever, we're seein' it eye to eye If a wall should come between us
Too high to climb, too hard to break through
I know that love'll lead us
And find a way to bring me to you So don't be in a hurry
Think before you count us out
You don't have to worry
I won't ever let you drown
(Nothing's gonna stop us now) If we listen to each other's heart
We'll find we're never too far apart
And maybe love is a reason why
For the first time ever, we're seein' it eye to eye Love is why we're seein' it eye to eye
(Yes, we are seein' it eye to eye)
Seein' it eye to
(Love is why we're seein' it)
I think we're seein' it eye to eye
(eye to eye)
eye to
We're seein' it eye to eye
(eye to eye!) If you're ever lonely, then stop!
You don't have to be
After all, it's only a beat away from you to me
(Take a look inside and see) If we listen to each other's heart
We'll find we're never too far apart
And maybe love is a reason why
For the first time ever, we're seein' it eye to eye Seein' it eye to
Seein' it eye to eye
We're seein' it eye to eye, baby
For the first time
For the first time eye to eye
Seein't it
Seein' it, baby
Seein' it eye to
For the first time ever
Hey yeah
Seein' it, baby
We're seein' it eye to eye
Seein' it
(C'mon, baby) eye to eye
eye to eye
eye to eye
eye to eye
Yeah
eye to eye! Now I'm the king of the swingers oh
The jungle VIP
I've reached the top and had to stop
And that's what botherin' me
I wanna be a man, mancub
And stroll right into town
And be just like the other men
I'm tired of monkeyin' around Oh, oobee doo
I wanna be like you
I wanna walk like you
Talk like you, too
You'll see it's true
An ape like me
Can learn to be humen too (Gee, cousin Louie
You're doin' real good) Now here's your part of the deal, 'cause
Lay the secret on me of man's red fire But I don't know how to make fire Now don't try to kid me, mancub
I made a deal with you
What I desire is man's red fire
To make my dream come true
Now, give me the secret, mancub
C'mon, clue me what to do
Give me the power of man's red flower
So I can be like you You
I wanna be like you
I wanna walk like you
Talk like you, too
You'll see it's true
Someone like me
Can learn to be
Like someone like me
Can learn to be
Like someone like you
Can learn to be
Like someone like me Cruella De Vil
Cruella De Vil
If she doesn't scare you
No evil thing will
To see her is to
Take a sudden chill
Cruella, Cruella
She's like a spider waiting
For the kill
Look out for Cruella De Vil At first you think
Cruella is the devil
But after time has worn
Away the shock
You come to realize
You've seen her kind of eyes
Watching you from underneath
A rock! This vampire bat
This inhuman beast
She ought to be locked up
And never released
The world was such
A wholesome place until
Cruella, Cruella De Vil Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
Old Mother Nature's recipes
That brings the bare necessities of life Wherever I wander, wherever I roam
I couldn't be fonder of my big home
The bees are buzzin' in the tree
To make some honey just for me
When you look under the rocks and plants
And take a glance at the fancy ants
Then maybe try a few The bare necessities of life will come to you
They'll come to you! Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life Now when you pick a pawpaw
Or a prickly pear
And you prick a raw paw
Well next time beware
Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw
When you pick a pear
Try to use the claw
But you don't need to use the claw
When you pick a pear of the big pawpaw
Have I given you a clue? The bare necessities of life will come to you
They'll come to you! Oh man this is really living
So just try and relax, yeah cool it
Fall apart in my backyard
'Cause let me tell you something little britches
If you act like that bee acts, uh uh
You're working too hard And don't spend your time lookin' around
For something you want that can't be found
When you find out you can live without it
And go along not thinkin' about it
I'll tell you something true The bare necessities of life will come to you Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries and your strife
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life
With just the bare necessities of life I see what's happening yeah
You're face to face with greatness and it's strange
You don't even know how you feel
It's adorable!
Well, it's nice to see that humans never change
Open your eyes, let's begin
Yes, it's really me
It's Maui, breathe it in
I know its a lot; the hair, the bod
When you're staring at a demigod What can I say except you're welcome
For the tides, the sun, the sky
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome
I'm just an ordinary demi-guy Hey!
What has two thumbs and pulled up the sky
When you were waddling yay high
This guy!
When the nights got cold
Who stole you fire from down below
You're lookin' at him, yo
Oh!
Also I lassoed the sun
(You're welcome)
To stretch your days and bring you fun
Also I harnessed the breeze
(You're welcome!)
To fill your sails and shake your trees So what can I say except you're welcome
For the islands I pulled from the sea
There's no need to pray, it's okay, you're welcome
Ha! I guess it's just my way of being me
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Well, come to think of it
Kid, honestly I could go on and on
I could explain every natural phenomenon
The tide? The grass? The ground?
Oh, that was Maui just messin' around
I killed an eel, I buried its guts
Sprouted a tree, now you've got coconuts
What's the lesson? What is the takeaway?
Don't mess with Maui when he's on the breakaway And the tapestry here on my skin
Is a map of the victories I win
Look where I've been
I make everything happen
Look at that mean mini Maui just tickety-tappin'
Heh, heh, heh ,heh, heh, heh, hey! Well anyway, let me say you're welcome (You're welcome)
For the wonderful world you know
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome (You're welcome)
Well, come to think of it, I gotta go!
Hey, it's your day to say you're welcome (You're welcome)
'Cause I'm gonna need that boat
I'm sailing away, away, you're welcome (You're welcome)
'Cause Maui can do anything but float! (You're welcome)
You're welcome! (You're welcome)
You're welcome! And thank you! Who's the leader of the club,
That's made for you and me?
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Hey there! Hi there! Ho there!
Your as welcome as can be,
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Mickey Mouse!
Donald Duck!
Mickey Mouse!
Donald Duck! Forever man has held a banner
High, high, high. high! Come along lets sing the song
And join the jamberre!
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Mickey Mouse Club!
Mickey Mouse Club! We'll have fun, we'll meet new faces.
We'll do things and we'll go places.
All around the world were marching. Who's the leader of the club,
That's made for you and me?
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Hey there! Hi there! Ho there!
Your as welcome as can be,
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Mickey Mouse!
Donald Duck!
Mickey Mouse!
Donald Duck! Forever man has held a banner
High, high, high. high! Come along lets sing the song
And join the jamberre!
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E! Yay Mickey!
Yay Mickey!
Yay Mickey Mouse Club! Whale of a Tale
Disney
2000 Leagues Under the Sea
Got a whale of a tale to tell ya, lads
A whale of a tale or two
'Bout the flapping fish and girls I've loved
On nights like this with the moon above
A whale of a tale and it's all true,
I swear by my tatoo
There was Mermaid Minnie
Met her down in Madagascar
She would kiss me
Anytime that I would ask her
Then one evening
Her flame of love blew out
Blow me down and pick me up,
She swapped me for a trout!
Got a whale of a tale to tell ya, lads
A whale of a tale or two
'Bout the flapping fish and girls I've loved
On nights like this with the moon above
A whale of a tale and it's all true,
I swear by my tatoo
There was Typhoon Tessie
Met her on the coast of Java
When we kissed I
Bubbled up like molten lava
Then she gave me
The scare of my young life
Blow me down, and pick me up
She was the captain's wife!
Got a whale of a tale to tell ya, lads
A whale of a tale or two
'Bout the flapping fish and girls I've loved
On nights like this with the moon above
A whale of a tale and it's all true,
I swear by my tatoo
Then there was Harpoon Hannah
Had a face that made you shudder
Lips like Fish hooks
And a nose just like a rudder
If I kissed her
And held her tenderly
(Held her tenderly)
There's no sea monster big enough
To ever frighten me!
Got a whale of a tale to tell ya, lads
A whale of a tale or two
'Bout the flapping fish and girls I've loved
On nights like this with the moon above
A whale of a tale and it's all true,
I swear by my tatoo! With tuppence for paper and strings
You can have your own set of wings
With your feet on the ground
You're a bird in a flight
With your fist holding tight
To the string of your kite Oh, oh, oh!
Let's go fly a kite
Up to the highest height!
Let's go fly a kite and send it soaring
Up through the atmosphere
Up where the air is clear
Oh, let's go fly a kite! When you send it flyin' up there
All at once you're lighter than air
You can dance on the breeze
Over 'ouses and trees
With your first 'olding tight
To the string of your kite Oh, oh, oh!
Let's go fly a kite
Up to the highest height!
Let's go fly a kite and send it soaring
Up through the atmosphere
Up where the air is clear
Oh, let's go fly a kite! Want to know a secret?
Promise not to tell?
When you're standing by a wishing well
Make a wish into the well
That's all you have to do
And if you hear it echoing
Your wish will soon come true I'm wishing for the one I love
To find me today
I'm hoping
And I'm dreaming of
The nice things he'll say I'm wishing for the one I love
To find me today Today!
Now that I've found you
Hear what I have to say
One Song
I have but one song
One song
Only for you One heart
Tenderly beating
Ever entreating
Constant and true One love
That has possessed me
One love
Thrilling me through One song
My heart keeps singing
Of one love
Only for you Let's get down to business, to defeat the Huns
Did they send me daughters, when I asked for sons?
You're the saddest bunch I ever met
But you can bet before we're through
Mister, I'll make a man out of you Tranquil as a forest but on fire within
Once you find your center, you are sure to win
You're a spineless, pale, pathetic lot
And you haven't got a clue
Somehow I'll make a man out of you I'm never gonna catch my breath
Say goodbye to those who knew me
Boy, was I a fool in school for cutting gym
This guy's got 'em scared to death
Hope he doesn't see right through me
Now I really wish that I knew how to swim Be a man
We must be swift as the coursing river
Be a man
With all the force of a great typhoon
Be a man
With all the strength of a raging fire
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon Time is racing toward us till the Huns arrive
Heed my every order and you might survive
You're unsuited for the rage of war
So pack up, go home, you're through
How could I make a man out of you? Be a man
We must be swift as the coursing river
Be a man
With all the force of a great typhoon
Be a man
With all the strength of a raging fire
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon Be a man
We must be swift as the coursing river
Be a man
With all the force of a great typhoon
Be a man
With all the strength of a raging fire
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon (Ou mata e matagi)
I have crossed the horizon to find you
(Ou loto mamaina toa)
I know your name
(Manatu atu)
They have stolen the heart from inside you
(Taku pelepele)
But this does not define you
(Manatu atu)
This is not who you are
You know who you are Look at this stuff, isn't it neat?
Wouldn't you think my collection's complete?
Wouldn't you think I'm the girl
The girl who has everything?
Look at this trove, treasures untold
How many wonders can one cavern hold?
Lookin' around here you'd think
Sure, she's got everything I've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty
I've got whooz-its and whatz-its galore
You want thingamabobs?
I got twenty
But who cares?
No big deal
I want more I want to be where the people are
I want to see
Want to see 'em dancing
Walking around on those
Whadd'ya call 'em? Oh, feet
Flipping your fins you don't get too far
Legs are required for jumping, dancing
Strolling along down a
What's that word again? Street Up where they walk
Up where they run
Up where they stay all day in the sun
Wandering free
Wish I could be
Part of that world What would I give
If I could live
Out of these waters?
What would I pay
To spend a day
Warm on the sand?
Betcha on land
They understand
That they don't reprimand their daughters
Bright young women
Sick of swimming
Ready to stand And I'm ready to know what the people know
Ask 'em my questions
And get some answers
What's a fire and why does it
What's the word? Burn? When's it my turn?
Wouldn't I love
Love to explore that shore above?
Out of the sea
Wish I could be
Part of that world
Out of the sea
Wish I could be
Part of your world When somebody loved me
Everything was beautiful
Every hour we spent together
Lives within my heart And when she was sad
I was there to dry her tears
And when she was happy so was I
When she loved me Through the summer and the fall
We had each other that was all
Just she and I together
Like it was meant to be And when she was lonely
I was there to comfort her
And I knew that she loved me So the years went by
I stayed the same
She began to drift away
I was left alone Still I waited for the day
When she'd say
I will always love you Lonely and forgotten
Never thought she'd look my way
She smiled at me and held me Just like she used to do
Like she loved me
When she loved me When somebody loved me
Everything was beautiful
Every hour we spent together
Lives within my heart When she loved me, hey All those days watching from the windows
All those years outside looking in
All that time never even knowing
Just how blind I've been
Now I'm here blinking in the starlight
Now I'm here suddenly I see
Standing here it's all so clear
I'm where I'm meant to be And at last I see the light
And it's like the fog has lifted
And at last I see the light
And it's like the sky is new
And it's warm and real and bright
And the world has somehow shifted
All at once everything looks different
Now that I see you All those days chasing down a daydream
All those years living in a blur
All that time never truly seeing
Things, the way they were
Now she's here shining in the starlight
Now she's here suddenly I know
If she's here it's crystal clear
I'm where I'm meant to go And at last I see the light And it's like the fog has lifted And at last I see the light And it's like the sky is new And it's warm and real and bright
And the world has somehow shifted
All at once everything is different
Now that I see you Now that I see you Wonderful, marvelous,
The man with the strength of many.
Brave and bold with a heart of gold,
John Henry was a mighty man.
Born with a hammer right in his hand. Well, come on John,
You're the one that we're depending on.
Swing that hammer with all your might,
I know you can show them how to do it right. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a mighty man.
Born with a hammer,
A ten pound hammer,
A twenty pound hammer right in his hand. I heard John's mama liked to sew at night,
So he pulled down the moon for a little bit of light.
It took a lot of cooking to keep John fed,
Ten dozen eggs and eight loves of bread. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a mighty man.
Born with a hammer, born with a hammer,
Born with a hammer right in his hand. He plowed the earth so wide and deep,
The seed he sowed the ground had to keep.
His hammer hit the earth with such a mighty blow,
Everything he planted would jump up and grow. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a powerful man.
All our lives we've been so poor,
John let me show you what we're working for. Canaan Land, Canaan Land,
Everybody workin' for the Canaan Land.
Home and freedom hand in hand,
Workin' for the Canaan Land. Oh, movin' on down the line,
John Henry came right on time.
Movin' on down the line,
John Henry came right on time. Home and freedom hand in hand,
Workin' for the Canaan Land. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a mighty man.
John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a powerful man. Steel drivin' man,
John Henry was.
Steel drivin' man,
Oh yes he was.
So proud, defiant,
A gentle giant,
A steel drivin' natural man. Well, a-come on, John,
You're the one that we're dependin' on.
Swing that hammer, bust that rock,
Come on, give it everything you've got. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a mighty man.
Born with a hammer, born with a hammer,
Born with a hammer right in his hand. John and the drill made the valley shake,
Rumblin' almost caused an earthquake.
Thunder and lightning was everywhere,
Oh, Lord, that battle was beyond compare. John Henry, John Henry,
John Henry is a powerful man.
Born with a hammer, born with a hammer,
Born with a hammer right in his hand. No mountain too high,
No valley too low,
No river too wide,
No place too far to go. If you believe, you can overcome.
The battle is already won,
Just keep on keepin' on.
Stand tall, just like John. No matter who you are,
No matter where you're from,
Nothing can stop you,
From who you can become. Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John.
Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John. No matter who you are,
No matter where you're from,
Nothing can stop you,
From who you can become. Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John.
Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John.
Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John.
Just keep on keepin' on,
Stand tall, just like John. Do you wanna build a snowman?
Come on let's go and play
I never see you anymore
Come out the door
It's like you've gone away We used to be best buddies
And now we're not
I wish you would tell me why!
Do you wanna build a snowman?
It doesn't have to be a snowman
Okay, bye Do you wanna build a snowman?
Or ride our bikes around the halls
I think some company is overdue
I've started talking to the
Pictures on the walls It gets a little lonely
All these empty rooms (these empty rooms)
Just watching the hours
Tick by Do you wanna build a snowman?
(Do you wanna build a snowman?)
It doesn't have to be a snowman
(Don't have to be a snowman)
Okay, bye Elsa?
Please, I know you're in there (I know you're in there)
People are asking where you've been
They say, "have courage" and I'm trying to (trying to)
I'm right out here for you (here for you)
Just let me in (just let me in) We only have each other (we only have each other)
It's just you and me
What are we gonna do? (what are we gonna do?) Do you wanna build a snowman?
Do you wanna build a snowman?
It doesn't have to be a snowman
Okay, bye Some day my prince will come
Some day we'll meet again
And away to his castle we'll go
To be happy forever I know Some day when spring is here
We'll find a love anew
And the birds will sing
And wedding bells will ring
Someday when my dreams come true La la lu, La la lu
Oh, my little star sweeper
I'll sweep the stardust for you La la lu, La la lu
Little soft fluffy sleeper
Here comes a pink cloud for you La la lu, La la lu
Little wandering angel
Fold up your wings close your eyes La la lu, La la lu
And may love be your keeper
La la lu, La la lu, La la lu Hakuna Matata!
What a wonderful phrase
Hakuna Matata!
Ain't no passing craze It means no worries
For the rest of your days
It's our problem-free philosophy
Hakuna Matata! Why, when he was a young warthog
When I was a young wart-hoooog!
Very nice!
Thanks!
He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal
He could clear the Savannah after every meal
I'm a sensitive soul, though I seem thick-skinned
And it hurt that my friends never stood downwind
And oh, the shame
(He was ashamed!)
Thought of changin' my name
(Oh, what's in a name?)
And I got downhearted
(How did you feel?)
Every time that I-
Pumbaa! Not in front of the kids!
Oh... sorry Hakuna Matata!
What a wonderful phrase
Hakuna Matata!
Ain't no passing craze
It means no worries
For the rest of your days
Yeah, sing it, kid!
It's our problem-free philosophy
Hakuna Matata! Hakuna Matata
Hakuna Matata
Hakuna Matata
Hakuna It means no worries
For the rest of your days
It's our problem-free philosophy
Hakuna Matata From the day we arrive on the planet
And blinking, step into the sun
There's more to see than can ever be seen
More to do than can ever be done There's far too much to take in here
More to find than can ever be found
But the sun rolling high
Through the sapphire sky
Keeps great and small on the endless round It's the circle of life
And it moves us all
Through despair and hope
Through faith and love Till we find our place
On the path unwinding
In the circle
The circle of life It's the circle of life
And it moves us all
Through despair and hope
Through faith and love Till we find our place
On the path unwinding
In the circle
The circle of life Mmmmmm
Mmmmmm
So this is love
Mmmmmm
So this is love
So this is what makes life divine
I'm all aglow, mmmmmm
And now I know
And now I know
The key to all heaven is mine
My heart has wings, mmmmmm
And I can fly
I'll touch every star in the sky
So this is the miracle
That I've been dreaming of
Mmmmmm
Mmmmmm
So this is love Oh, this is the night, it's a beautiful night
And we call it bella notte
Look at the skies, they have stars in their eyes
On this lovely bella notte Side by side with your loved one
You'll find enchantment here
The night will weave its magic spell
When the one you love is near For this is the night, and the heavens are right
On this lovely bella notte This is the night, it's a beautiful night
And we call it bella notte
Look at the skies, they have stars in their eyes
On this lovely bella notte Side by side with your loved one
You'll find enchantment here
The night will weave its magic spell
When the one you love is near For this is the night, and the heavens are right
On this lovely bella notte Look at me,
I will never pass for a perfect bride, or a perfect daughter.
Can it be,
I'm not meant to play this part?
Now I see, that if I were truly to be myself,
I would break my family's heart. Who is that girl I see, staring straight back at me?
Why is my reflection someone I don't know?
Somehow I cannot hide
Who I am, though I've tried.
When will my reflection show, who I am, inside?
How I pray, that a time will come,
I can free myself, from their expectations
On that day, I'll discover someway to be myself, and to make my family proud.
They want a docile lamb,
No-one knows who I am.
Must there be a secret me,
I'm forced to hide?
Must I pretend that I am someone else for all time?
When will my reflection show, who I am inside?
When will my reflection show, who I am inside? I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream
I know you That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true
That visions are seldom what they seem But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once
The way you did once upon a dream La da la da la ahahahahah
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream
I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream I know you
That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true That visions are seldom what they seem
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream There's a calm surrender to the rush of day
When the heat of the rolling world can be turned away
An enchanted moment and it sees me through
It's enough for this restless warrior just to be with you And can you feel the love tonight? It is where we are
It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far
And can you feel the love tonight? How it's laid to rest
It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best There's a time for everyone, if they only learn
That the twisting kaleidoscope moves us all in turn
There's a rhyme and reason to the wild outdoors
When the heart of this star-crossed voyager beats in time with yours And can you feel the love tonight? It is where we are
It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far
And can you feel the love tonight? How it's laid to rest
It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best
It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best Ou mata e matagi
Ou loto mamaina toa
Manatu atu
Taku pelepele Pa mai to mafanafanaga
Saolotoga tenei
Manatunatu
Ki tamafine Maua ai te lumanai
Ki tamafine
Ou mata e matagi Ke manatua
Faiga iena
te luelue
te malohi
ina hiva
Ke manatua
Faiga iena
te fiafia te malie
ina hiva
Hau la ke ta o
kuku mai to lima
Hau la ke ta o
hau ta hihiva
Hau la ke ta o
kuku mai to lima
Hau la ke ta o
ko koe taku pele e fofou ai au
Tamilomilo fakatamilomilo
e kua ninimo toku ulu
Tamilomilo fakatamilomilo
toe fai toe fai ke manino
Katakata mai
hihiva mai
fakalogo ki te pate aue
ma te luelue Translation: Do you remember
when we did all that
the sway
the energy
expressed in the dance
Do you remember
when we did all that
the joy and sweetness
expressed in the dance
come on let's go
give me your hand
come on let's go
come let's dance
come on let's go
give me your hand
come on let's go
you are the only one that I wish for
Round and round spinning round
hey my head's getting dizzy
Round and round spinning round
do it again it'll soon clear
Smile my way
keep on dancing
listen to the pate
and keep on swaying Chief Tui:
Moana, make way, make way!
Moana, it's time you knew
The village of Motunui is
All you need The dancers are practising
They dance to an ancient song
(Who needs a new song? This old one's all we need) This tradition is our mission
And Moana, there's so much to do
(Make way!)
Don't trip on the taro root
That's all you need We share everything we make
(We make)
We joke and we weave our baskets
(Aha!)
The fishermen come back from the sea Moana:
I wanna see Chief Tui:
Don't walk away
Moana, stay on the ground now
Our people will need a chief
And there you are Chief Tui and Sina:
There comes a day
When you're gonna look around
And realize happiness is
Where you are Chief Tui:
Consider the coconut
(The what?)
Consider its tree
We use each part of the coconut
That's all we need Sina:
We make our nets from the fibers
(We make our nets from the fibers)
The water is sweet inside
(The water is sweet inside)
We use the leaves to build fires
(We use the leaves to build fires)
We cook up the meat inside
(We cook up the meat inside) Chief Tui:
Consider the coconuts
(Consider the coconuts)
The trunks and the leaves
(Ha!)
The island gives us what we need Moana:
And no one leaves Chief Tui:
That's right, we stay
We're safe and we're well provided
And when we look to the future
There you are You'll be okay
In time you'll learn just as I did
Chief Tui and Sina:
You must find happiness right
Where you are Gramma Tala:
I like to dance with the water
The undertow and the waves
The water is mischievous
Ha! I like how it misbehaves The village may think I'm crazy
Or say that I drift too far
But once you know what you like, well
There you are You are your father's daughter
Stubbornness and pride
Mind what he says but remember
You may hear a voice inside
And if the voice starts to whisper
To follow the farthest star
Moana, that voice inside is
Who you are Villagers:
We make our nets from the fibers
(We weave our nets from the fibers)
The water is sweet inside
(And we taste the sweet inside)
We use the leaves to build fires
(We sing these songs in our choir)
We cook up the meat inside
(We have mouths to feed inside) Chief Tui:
The village believes in us
(That's right!)
The village believes
(Ha!)
The island gives us what we need
And no one leaves Moana:
So here I'll stay
My home, my people beside me
And when I think of tomorrow
There we are I'll lead the way
I'll have my people to guide me
We'll build our future together
Villagers: Where we are Moana:
'Cause every path leads you back to
Villagers:
Where you are
Moana:
You can find happiness right -
Villagers:
Where you are
Where you are Don't you disrespect me little man
Don't you derogate or deride
You're in my world now, not your world
And I got friends on the other side
(He's got friends on the other side) That's and echo gentleman
Just a little something we have here in Louisiana
A little parlor trick, don't worry Sit down at my table, put your mind at ease
If you relax it will enable me to do anything I please
I can read your future, I can change it 'round some too
I look deep into your heart and soul You do have have a soul, don't you, Lawrence?
Make your wildest dreams come true I got voodoo, I got voodoo
I got things I didn't even try
And I got friends on the other side
(He's got friends on the other side) The cards, the cards, the cards will tell
The past, the present and the future as well
The cards, the cards, just take three
Take a little trip into your future with me Now you, young man are from across the sea
You come from two long lines of royalty
I'm a royal myself on my mother's side
Your lifestyle's high but your funds are low
You need to marry a little honey who's daddy got dough Mom and dad cut you off, huh, playboy?
Now y'all better get hitched but hitching ties you down
You just want to be free, hop from place to place
But freedom takes green It's the green, it's the green, it's the green you need
And when I look into your future it's the green that I see On you little man, I don't want wanna waste much time
You've been pushed 'round all your life
You've been pushed 'round by your mother
And your sister and your brother
And if you was married you'd be pushed 'round by your wife But in your future the you I see
Is exactly the man you always wanted to be
Shake my hand, come on boys
Won't you shake a poor sinner's hand? Yes, are you ready?
(Are you ready?)
Are you ready? Transformation central
Transformation central
Transformation central
Transformation central Transformafication central, can you feel it?
You're changing, you're changing, you're changing alright
I hope you're satisfied, but if you ain't don't blame me
You can blame my friends on the other side You got what you wanted
What you want's what you get
Hush Ain't it a glorious day?
Right as a mornin' in May
I feel like I could fly
Have you ever seen the grass
So green, or a bluer sky? Oh it's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
Mary makes your 'eart so light!
When the day is gray and ordianry
Mary makes the sun shine bright!
Oh, 'appiness is bloomin' all around 'er
The daffodils are smilin' at the dove
When Mary 'olds your 'and
You feel so grand
Your 'eart starts beatin' like
A big brass band!
It's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
No wonder that it's Mary that we love! Oh it's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
Mary makes your 'eart so light!
When the day is gray and ordianry
Mary makes the sun shine bright!
Oh, 'appiness is bloomin' all around 'er
The daffodils are smilin' at the dove
When Mary 'olds your 'and
You feel so grand
Your 'eart starts beatin' like
A big brass band!
It's a jolly 'oliday with Mary
No wonder that it's Mary that we love! Oh, it's a jolly holiday with you, Bert
Gentlemen like you are few
Though you're just a diamond
In the rough, Bert
Underneath your blood is blue!
You'd never think of pressing
Your advantage
Forbearance is the hallmark of your creed
A lady needn't fear when you are near
Your sweet gentility is crystal clear!
Oh, it's a jolly holiday with you, Bert
A jolly, jolly holiday with you! It's true that Mavis and Sybil 'ave
Ways that are winning
And Prudence and Gwendolyn
Set your 'eart spinning
Phoebe's delightful, Maude is disarming
Janice, Felicia, Lydia--charming
Cynthia's dashing, Vivian's sweet
Stephanie's smashing, Priscilla a treat
Veronica, Millicent, Agnes, and Jane
Convivial company, time and again
Dorcas and Phyllis and Glynis are sorts
I'll agree are three jolly good sports
But cream of the crop, tip of the top
It's Mary Poppins, and there we stop! If I never knew you
If I never felt this love
I would have no inkling of
How precious life can be And if I never knew you
I would never have a clue
How at last I'd find in you
The missing part of me In this world so full of fear
Full of rage and lies
I can see the truth so clear
In your eyes
So dry your eyes And I'm so grateful to you
I'd have lived my whole life through
Lost forever
If I never knew you If I never knew you
I'd be safe but half as real
Never knowing I could feel
A love so strong and true I'm so grateful to you
I'd have lived my whole life through
Lost forever
If I never knew you I thought our love would be so beautiful Somehow we made the whole world bright I never knew that fear and hate could be so strong
All they'd leave us were these whispers in the night
But still my heart is singing
We were right If I never knew you
There's no moment I regret
If I never knew this love
I would have no inkling of
If our time has gone too fast I've lived at last
How precious life can be I thought our love would be so beautiful
Somehow we'd make the whole world bright I thought our love would be so beautiful
We'd turn the darkness into light And still my heart is singing
We were right We were right
And if I never knew you
I'd have lived my whole life through Empty as the sky Never knowing why
Lost forever I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream
I know you That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true
That visions are seldom what they seem But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once
The way you did once upon a dream La da la da la ahahahahah
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream
I know you
I walked with you
Once Upon a dream I know you
That gleam in your eyes
Is so familiar a gleam
Yet I know it's true That visions are seldom what they seem
But if I know you
I know what you do
You'll love me at once The way you did once upon a dream You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me
When the road looks rough ahead
And you're miles and miles
From your nice warm bed
Just remember what your old pal said
Boy, you've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me
You've got troubles, well I've got 'em too
There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you
We stick together and we see it through
You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me Some other folks might be
A little bit smarter than I am
Bigger and stronger too
Maybe
But none of them will ever love you the way I do
It's me and you
And as the years go by
Boys, our friendship will never die
You're gonna see
It's our destiny
You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me
You've got a friend in me I have often dreamed of a far off place
Where a hero's welcome would be waiting for me
Where the crowds would cheer, when they see my face
And a voice keeps saying this is where I'm meant to be I'll be there someday, I can go the distance
I will find my way if I can be strong
I know every mile would be worth my while
When I go the distance, I'll be right where I belong Down an unknown road to embrace my fate
Though that road may wander, it will lead me to you
And a thousand years would be worth the wait
It might take a lifetime but somehow I'll see it through And I won't look back, I can go the distance
And I'll stay on track, no I won't accept defeat
It's an uphill slope
But I won't loose hope, 'till I go the distance
And my journey is complete, oh yeah But to look beyond the glory is the hardest part
For a hero's strength is measured by his heart, oh Like a shooting star, I will go the distance
I will search the world, I will face its harms
I don't care how far, I can go the distance
'Till I find my hero's welcome waiting in your arms I will search the world, I will face its harms
'Till I find my hero's welcome waiting in your arms I've got no strings
To hold me down
To make me fret
Or make me frown
I had strings
But now I'm free
There are no strings on me Hi-ho the me-ri-o
That's the only way to go
I want the world to know
Nothing ever worries me I've got no strings
So I have fun
I'm not tied up to anyone
They've got strings
But you can see
There are no strings on me You have no strings
Your arms is free
To love me by the Zuider Zee
Ya, ya, ya
If you would woo
I'd bust my strings for you You've got no strings
Comme ci comme ca
Your savoire-faire is ooh la la
I've got strings
But entre nous
I'd cut my strings for you Down where the Volga flows
There's a Russian rendezvous
Where me and Ivan go
But I'd rather go with you, hey There are no strings on me Come stop your crying
It will be alright
Just take my hand
And hold it tight I will protect you
From all around you
I will be here
Don't you cry For one so small,
You seem so strong
My arms will hold you,
Keep you safe and warm
This bond between us
Can't be broken
I will be here
Don't you cry 'Cause you'll be in my heart
Yes, you'll be in my heart
From this day on
Now and forever more
You'll be in my heart
No matter what they say
You'll be here in my heart
Always Why can't they understand the way we feel
They just don't trust what they can't explain
I know we're different, but deep inside us
We're not that different at all And you'll be in my heart
Yes you'll be in my heart
From this day on
Now and forever more Don't listen to them
'Cause what do they know
We need each other, to have, to hold
They'll see in time, I know When destiny calls you, you must be strong
I may not be with you
But you got to hold on
They'll see in time, I know
We'll show them together 'Cause you'll be in my heart
Believe me you'll be in my heart
I'll be there from this day on
Now and forever more You'll be in my heart
No matter what they say
You'll be here in my heart
Always Always I'll be with you
I'll be there for you always
Always and always Just look over your shoulder
Just look over your shoulder
Just look over your shoulder
I'll be there
Always The Cat in the Hat
By Dr. Seuss
The sun did not shine.
It was too wet to play.
So we sat in the house
All that cold cold wet day.
I sat there with Sally.
We sat there we two.
And I said How I wish
We had something to do!
Too wet to go out
And too cold to play ball.
So we sat in the house.
We did nothing at all.
So all we could do was to
Sit!
Sit!
Sit!
Sit!
And we did not like it.
Not one little bit.
BUMP!
And then
something went BUMP!
How that bump made us jump!
We looked!
Then we saw him step in on the mat!
We looked!
And we saw him!
The Cat in the Hat!
And he said to us
Why do you sit there like that?
I know it is wet
And the sun is not sunny.
But we can have
Lots of good fun that is funny!
I know some good games we could play
Said the cat.
I know some new tricks
Said the Cat in the Hat.
A lot of good tricks.
I will show them to you.
Your mother
Will not mind at all if I do.
Then Sally and I
Did not know what to say.
Our mother was out of the house
For the day.
But our fish said No! No!
Make that cat go away!
Tell that Cat in the Hat
You do NOT want to play.
He should not be here.
He should not be about.
He should not be here
When your mother is out!
Now! Now! Have no fear.
Have no fear! said the cat.
My tricks are not bad
Said the Cat in the Hat.
Why we can have
Lots of good fun if you wish
with a game that I call
UP UP UP with a fish!
Put me down! said the fish.
This is no fun at all!
Put me down! said the fish.
I do NOT wish to fall!
Have no fear! said the cat.
I will not let you fall.
I will hold you up high
As I stand on a ball.
With a book on one hand!
And a cup on my hat!
But that is not ALL I can do!
Said the cat
Look at me!
Look at me now! said the cat.
With a cup and a cake
On the top of my hat!
I can hold up TWO books!
I can hold up the fish!
And a litte toy ship!
And some milk on a dish!
And look!
I can hop up and down on the ball!
But that is not all!
Oh no.
That is not all
Look at me!
Look at me!
Look at me NOW!
It is fun to have fun
But you have to know how.
I can hold up the cup
And the milk and the cake!
I can hold up these books!
And the fish on a rake!
I can hold the toy ship
And a little toy man!
And look! With my tail
I can hold a red fan!
I can fan with the fan
As I hop on the ball!
But that is not all.
Oh no.
That is not all.
That is what the cat said
Then he fell on his head!
He came down with a bump
From up there on the ball.
And Sally and I
We saw ALL the things fall!
And our fish came down too.
He fell into a pot!
He said Do I like this?
Oh no! I do not.
This is not a good game
Said our fish as he lit.
No I do not like it
Not one little bit!
Now look what you did!
Said the fish to the cat.
Now look at this house!
Look at this! Look at that!
You sank our toy ship
Sank it deep in the cake.
You shook up our house
And you bent our new rake.
You SHOULD NOT be here
When our mother is not.
You get out of this house!
Said the fish in the pot.
But I like to be here.
Oh I like it a lot!
Said the Cat in the Hat
To the fish in the pot.
I will NOT go away.
I do NOT wish to go!
And so said the Cat in the Hat
So
so
so
I will show you
Another good game that I know!
And then he ran out.
And then fast as a fox
The Cat in the Hat
Came back in with a box.
A big red wood box.
It was shut with a hook.
Now look at this trick
Said the cat.
Take a look!
Then he got up on top
With a tip of his hat.
I call this game FUN IN A BOX
Said the cat.
In this box are two things
I will show to you now.
You will like these two things
Said the cat with a bow.
I will pick up the hook.
You will see something new.
Two things. And I call them
Thing One and Thing Two.
These Things will not bite you.
They want to have fun.
Then out of the box
Came Thing Two and Thing One!
And they ran to us fast.
They said How do you do?
Would you like to shake hands
With Thing One and Thing Two?
And Sally and I
Did not know what to do.
So we had to shake hands
With Thing One and Thing Two.
We shook their two hands.
But our fish said No! No!
Those Things should not be
In this house! Make them go!
They should not be here
When your mother is not!
Put them out! Put them out!
Said the fish in the pot.
Have no fear little fish
Said the Cat in the Hat.
These Things are good Things.
And he gave them a pat.
They are tame. Oh so tame!
They have come here to play.
They will give you some fun
On this wet wet wet day.
Now here is a game that they like
Said the cat.
They like to fly kites
Said the Cat in the Hat
No! Not in the house!
Said the fish in the pot.
They should not fly kites
In a house! They should not.
Oh the things they will bump!
Oh the things they will hit!
Oh I do not like it!
Not one little bit! Then Sally and I
Saw them run down the hall.
We saw those two Things
Bump their kites on the wall!
Bump! Thump! Thump! Bump!
Down the wall in the hall.
Thing Two and Thing One!
They ran up! They ran down!
On the string of one kite
We saw Mothers new gown!
Her gown with the dots
That are pink white and red.
Then we saw one kite bump
On the head of her bed!
Then those Things ran about
With big bumps jumps and kicks
And with hops and big thumps
And all kinds of bad tricks.
And I said
I do NOT like the way that they play
If Mother could see this
Oh what would she say!
Then our fish said Look! Look!
And our fish shook with fear.
Your mother is on her way home!
Do you hear?
Oh what will she do to us?
What will she say?
Oh she will not like it
To find us this way!
So DO something! Fast! said the fish.
Do you hear!
I saw her. Your mother!
Your mother is near!
So as fast as you can
Think of something to do!
You will have to get rid of
Thing One and Thing Two!
So as fast as I could
I went after my net.
And I said With my net
I can get them I bet.
I bet with my net
I can get those Things yet!
Then I let down my net.
It came down with a PLOP!
And I had them! At last!
Thoe two Things had to stop.
Then I said to the cat
Now you do as I say.
You pack up those Things
And you take them away!
Oh dear! said the cat
You did not like our game
Oh dear.
What a shame!
What a shame!
What a shame!
Then he shut up the Things
In the box with the hook.
And the cat went away
With a sad kind of look.
That is good said the fish.
He has gone away. Yes.
But your mother will come.
She will find this big mess!
And this mess is so big
And so deep and so tall
We ca not pick it up.
There is no way at all!
And THEN!
Who was back in the house?
Why the cat!
Have no fear of this mess
Said the Cat in the Hat.
I always pick up all my playthings
And so
I will show you another
Good trick that I know!
Then we saw him pick up
All the things that were down.
He picked up the cake
And the rake and the gown
And the milk and the strings
And the books and the dish
And the fan and the cup
And the ship and the fish.
And he put them away.
Then he said That is that.
And then he was gone
With a tip of his hat.
Then our mother came in
And she said to us two
Did you have any fun?
Tell me. What did you do?
And Sally and I did not know
What to say.
Should we tell her
The things that went on there that day?
Should we tell her about it?
Now what SHOULD we do?
Well
What would YOU do
If your mother asked YOU?
Fox in Socks by Dr. Seuss
Fox
Socks
Box
Knox
Knox in box.
Fox in socks.
Knox on fox in socks in box.
Socks on Knox and Knox in box.
Fox in socks on box on Knox.
Chicks with bricks come.
Chicks with blocks come.
Chicks with bricks and blocks and clocks come.
Look sir. Look sir. Mr. Knox sir.
Lets do tricks with bricks and blocks sir.
Lets do tricks with chicks and clocks sir.
First Ill make a quick trick brick stack.
Then Ill make a quick trick block stack.
You can make a quick trick chick stack.
You can make a quick trick clock stack.
And heres a new trick Mr. Knox.
Socks on chicks and chicks on fox.
Fox on clocks on bricks and blocks.
Bricks and blocks on Knox on box.
Now we come to ticks and tocks sir.
Try to say this Mr. Knox sir.
Clocks on fox tick.
Clocks on Knox tock.
Six sick bricks tick.
Six sick chicks tock.
Please sir. I dont like this trick sir.
My tongue isnt quick or slick sir.
I get all those ticks and clocks sir
mixed up with the chicks and tocks sir.
I cant do it Mr. Fox sir.
Im so sorry Mr. Knox sir.
Heres an easy game to play.
Heres an easy thing to say.
New socks.
Two socks.
Whose socks?
Sues socks.
Who sews whose socks?
Sue sews Sues socks.
Who sees who sew whose new socks sir?
You see Sue sew Sues new socks sir.
Thats not easy Mr. Fox sir.
Who comes?
Crow comes.
Slow Joe Crow comes.
Who sews crows clothes?
Sue sews crows clothes.
Slow Joe Crow sews whose clothes?
Sues clothes.
Sue sews socks of fox in socks now.
Slow Joe Crow sews Knox in box now.
Sue sews rose on Slow Joe Crows clothes.
Fox sews hose on Slow Joe Crows nose.
Hose goes.
Rose grows.
Nose hose goes some.
Crows rose grows some.
Mr. Fox!
I hate this game sir.
This game makes my tongue quite lame sir.
Mr. Knox sir what a shame sir.
Well find something new to do now.
Here is lots of new blue goo now.
New goo. Blue goo.
Gooey. Gooey.
Blue goo. New goo.
Gluey. Gluey.
Gooey goo for chewy chewing!
Thats what that Goo Goose is doing.
Do you choose to chew goo too sir?
If sir you sir choose to chew sir
with the Goo Goose chew sir.
Do sir.
Mr. Fox sir
I wont do it.
I cant say.
I wont chew it.
Very well sir.
Step this way.
Well find another game to play.
Bim comes.
Ben comes.
Bim brings Ben broom.
Ben brings Bim broom.
Ben bends Bims broom.
Bim bends Bens broom.
Bims bends.
Bens bends.
Bens bent broom breaks.
Bims bent broom breaks.
Bens band. Bims band.
Big bands. Pig bands.
Bim and Ben lead bands with brooms.
Bens band bangs and Bims band booms.
Pig band! Boom band!
Big band! Broom band!
My poor mouth cant say that. No sir.
My poor mouth is much too slow sir.
Well then bring your mouth this way.
Ill find it something it can say.
Luke Luck likes lakes.
Lukes duck likes lakes.
Luke Luck licks lakes.
Lucks duck licks lakes.
Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes.
Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.
I cant blab such blibber blubber!
My tongue isnt make of rubber.
Mr. Knox. Now come now. Come now.
You dont have to be so dumb now.
Try to say this Mr. Knox please.
Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew.
While these fleas flew freezy breeze blew.
Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze.
Freezy trees made these trees cheese freeze.
Thats what made these three free fleas sneeze.
Stop it! Stop it!
Thats enough sir.
I cant say such silly stuff sir.
Very well then Mr. Knox sir.
Lets have a little talk about tweetle beetles.
What do you know about tweetle beetles? Well
When tweetle beetles fight
its called a tweetle beetle battle.
And when they battle in a puddle
its a tweetle beetle puddle battle.
AND when tweetle beetles battle with paddles in a puddle
they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle.
AND
When beetles battle beetles in a puddle paddle battle
and the beetle battle puddle is a puddle in a bottle
they call this a tweetle beetle bottle puddle paddle battle muddle.
AND
When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles
and the bottles on a poodle and the poodles eating noodles
they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle
bottle paddle battle.
AND
Now wait a minute Mr. Socks Fox!
When a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetles battle
with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle eating poodle
THIS is what they call
a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled
muddled duddled fuddled wuddled fox in socks sir!
Fox in socks our game is done sir.
Thank you for a lot of fun sir.
I am Sam
I am Sam
Sam I am
That Sam I am
That Sam I am!
I do not like
that Sam I am
Do you like
green eggs and ham
I do not like them
Sam I am.
I do not like
green eggs and ham.
Would you like them
Here or there?
I would not like them
here or there.
I would not like them
anywhere.
I do not like
green eggs and ham.
I do not like them
Sam I am
Would you like them
in a house?
Would you like them
with a mouse?
I do not like them
in a house.
I do not like them
with a mouse.
I do not like them
here or there.
I do not like them
anywhere.
I do not like green eggs and ham.
I do not like them Sam I am.
Would you eat them
in a box?
Would you eat them
with a fox?
Not in a box.
Not with a fox.
Not in a house.
Not with a mouse.
I would not eat them here or there.
I would not eat them anywhere.
I would not eat green eggs and ham.
I do not like them Sam I am.
Would you? Could you?
in a car?
Eat them! Eat them!
Here they are.
I would not
could not
in a car
You may like them.
You will see.
You may like them
in a tree?
d not in a tree.
I would not could not in a tree.
Not in a car! You let me be.
I do not like them in a box.
I do not like them with a fox
I do not like them in a house
I do mot like them with a mouse
I do not like them here or there.
I do not like them anywhere.
I do not like green eggs and ham.
I do not like them Sam I am.
A train! A train!
A train! A train!
Could you would you
on a train?
Not on a train! Not in a tree!
Not in a car! Sam! Let me be!
I would not could not in a box.
I could not would not with a fox.
I will not eat them with a mouse
I will not eat them in a house.
I will not eat them here or there.
I will not eat them anywhere.
I do not like them Sam I am.
Say!
In the dark?
Here in the dark!
Would you could you in the dark?
I would not could not
in the dark.
Would you could you
in the rain?
I would not could not in the rain.
Not in the dark. Not on a train
Not in a car Not in a tree.
I do not like them Sam you see.
Not in a house. Not in a box.
Not with a mouse. Not with a fox.
I will not eat them here or there.
I do not like them anywhere!
You do not like
green eggs and ham?
I do not
like them
Sam I am.
Could you would you
with a goat?
I would not
could not.
with a goat!
Would you could you
on a boat?
I could not would not on a boat.
I will not will not with a goat.
I will not eat them in the rain.
I will not eat them on a train.
Not in the dark! Not in a tree!
Not in a car! You let me be!
I do not like them in a box.
I do not like them with a fox.
I will not eat them in a house.
I do not like them with a mouse.
I do not like them here or there.
I do not like them ANYWHERE!
I do not like
green eggs
and ham!
I do not like them
Sam I am.
You do not like them.
SO you say.
Try them! Try them!
And you may.
Try them and you may I say.
Sam!
If you will let me be
I will try them.
You will see.
Say!
I like green eggs and ham!
I do!! I like them Sam I am!
And I would eat them in a boat!
And I would eat them with a goat
And I will eat them in the rain.
And in the dark. And on a train.
And in a car. And in a tree.
They are so good so good you see!
So I will eat them in a box.
And I will eat them with a fox.
And I will eat them in a house.
And I will eat them with a mouse.
And I will eat them here and there.
Say! I will eat them ANYWHERE!
I do so like
green eggs and ham!
Thank you!
Thank you
Sam I am
How The Grinch Stole Christmas
by Dr. Suess
Every Who Down in Whoville Liked Christmas a lot
But the GrinchWho lived just north of Whoville Did NOT!
The Grinch hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season!
Now please dont ask why. No one quite knows the reason.
It could be his head wasnt screwed on just right.
It could be perhaps that his shoes were too tight.
But I think that the most likely reason of all
May have been that his heart was two sizes too small.
Whatever the reason His heart or his shoes
He stood there on Christmas Eve hating the Whos
Staring down from his cave with a sour Grinchy frown
At the warm lighted windows below in their town.
For he knew every Who down in Whoville beneath
Was busy now hanging a mistletoe wreath.
And theyre hanging their stockings! he snarled with a sneer
Tomorrow is Christmas! Its practically here!
Then he growled with his Grinch fingers nervously drumming
I MUST find some way to stop Christmas from coming!
For Tomorrow he knew all the Who girls and boys
Would wake bright and early. Theyd rush for their toys!
And then! Oh the noise! Oh the Noise!
Noise! Noise! Noise!
Thats one thing he hated! The NOISE!
NOISE! NOISE! NOISE!
Then the Whos young and old would sit down to a feast.
And theyd feast! And theyd feast! And theyd FEAST!
FEAST! FEAST! FEAST!
They would feast on Who pudding and rare Who roast beast.
Which was something the Grinch couldnt stand in the least!
And THEN Theyd do something He liked least of all!
Every Who down in Whoville the tall and the small
Would stand close together with Christmas bells ringing.
Theyd stand hand in hand. And the Whos would start singing!
Theyd sing! And theyd sing! And theyd SING!
SING! SING! SING!
And the more the Grinch thought of this Who ChristmasSing
The more the Grinch thought I must stop this whole thing!
Why for fifty three years Ive put up with it now!
I MUST stop this Christmas from coming! But HOW?
Then he got an idea! An awful idea!
THE GRINCH GOT A WONDERFUL AWFUL IDEA!
I know just what to do! The Grinch laughed in his throat.
And he made a quick Santy Claus hat and a coat.
And he chuckled and clucked What a great Grinchy trick!
With this coat and this hat I look just like Saint Nick!
All I need is a reindeer The Grinch looked around.
But since reindeer are scarce there was none to be found.
Did that stop the old Grinch? No! The Grinch simply said
If I cant find a reindeer Ill make one instead!
So he called his dog Max. Then he took some red thread
And he tied a big horn on the top of his head.
THEN He loaded some bags And some old empty sacks
On a ramshackle sleigh And he hitched up old Max.
Then the Grinch said Giddap! And the sleigh started down
Toward the homes where the Whos Lay asnooze in their town.
All their windows were dark. Quiet snow filled the air.
All the Whos were all dreaming sweet dreams without care.
When he came to the first little house on the square.
This is stop number one the old Grinchy Claus hissed
And he climbed to the roof empty bags in his fist.
Then he slid down the chimney. A rather tight pinch.
But if Santa could do it then so could the Grinch.
He got stuck only once for a moment or two.
Then he stuck his head out of the fireplace flue.
Where the little Who stockings all hung in a row.
These stockings he grinned are the first things to go!
Then he slithered and slunk with a smile most unpleasant
Around the whole room and he took every present!
Pop guns! And bicycles! Roller skates! Drums!
Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And plums!
And he stuffed them in bags. Then the Grinch very nimbly
Stuffed all the bags one by one up the chimney!
Then he slunk to the icebox. He took the Whos feast!
He took the Who pudding! He took the roast beast!
He cleaned out that icebox as quick as a flash.
Why that Grinch even took their last can of Who hash!
Then he stuffed all the food up the chimney with glee.
And NOW! grinned the Grinch I will stuff up the tree!
And the Grinch grabbed the tree and he started to shove
When he heard a small sound like the coo of a dove.
He turned around fast and he saw a small Who!
Little Cindy Lou Who who was not more than two.
The Grinch had been caught by this tiny Who daughter
Whod got out of bed for a cup of cold water.
She stared at the Grinch and said Santy Claus why????????????
Why are you taking our Christmas tree? WHY?
But you know that old Grinch was so smart and so slick
He thought up a lie and he thought it up quick!
Why my sweet little tot the fake Santy Claus lied
Theres a light on this tree that wont light on one side.
So Im taking it home to my workshop my dear.
Ill fix it up there. Then Ill bring it back here.
And his fib fooled the child. Then he patted her head
And he got her a drink and he sent her to bed.
And when CindyLou Who went to bed with her cup
HE went to the chimney and stuffed the tree up!
Then the last thing he took Was the log for their fire!
Then he went up the chimney himself the old liar.
On their walls he left nothing but hooks and some wire.
And the one speck of food That he left in the house
Was a crumb that was even too small for a mouse.
Then He did the same thing To the other Whos houses
Leaving crumbs Much too small For the other Whos mouses!
It was quarter past dawn All the Whos still a bed
All the Whos still asnooze When he packed up his sled
Packed it up with their presents! The ribbons! The wrappings!
The tags! And the tinsel! The trimmings! The trappings!
Three thousand feet up! Up the side of Mt. Crumpit
He rode with his load to the tiptop to dump it!
PoohPooh to the Whos! he was grinchishly humming.
Theyre finding out now that no Christmas is coming!
Theyre just waking up! I know just what theyll do!
Their mouths will hang open a minute or two
Then the Whos down in Whoville will all cry BooHoo!
Thats a noise grinned the Grinch That I simply MUST hear!
So he paused. And the Grinch put his hand to his ear.
And he did hear a sound rising over the snow.
It started in low. Then it started to grow.
But the sound wasnt sad! Why this sound sounded merry!
It couldnt be so! But it WAS merry! VERY!
He stared down at Whoville! The Grinch popped his eyes!
Then he shook! What he saw was a shocking surprise!
Every Who down in Whoville the tall and the small
Was singing! Without any presents at all!
He HADNT stopped Christmas from coming! IT CAME!
Somehow or other it came just the same!
And the Grinch with his grinch feet ice cold in the snow
Stood puzzling and puzzling: How could it be so?
It came with out ribbons! It came without tags!
It came without packages boxes or bags!
And he puzzled three hours till his puzzler was sore.
Then the Grinch thought of something he hadnt before!
Maybe Christmas he thought doesnt come from a store.
Maybe Christmas perhaps means a little bit more!
And what happened then? Wellin Whoville they say
That the Grinchs small heart Grew three sizes that day!
And the minute his heart didnt feel quite so tight
He whizzed with his load through the bright morning light
And he brought back the toys! And the food for the feast!
And he HE HIMSELF! The Grinch carved the roast beast!
UP PUP Pup is up.
CUP PUP Pup in cup.
PUP CUP Cup on pup.
MOUSE HOUSE Mouse on house.
HOUSE MOUSE House on mouse.
ALL TALL We all are tall.
ALL SMALL We all are small.
ALL BALL We all play ball.
BALL WALL Up on a wall.
ALL FALL Fall off the wall.
DAY PLAY We play all day.
NIGHT FIGHT We fight all night.
HE ME He is after me.
HIM JIM Jim is after him.
SEE BEE We see a bee.
SEE BEE THREE Now we see three.
THREE TREE Three fish in a tree.
Fish in a tree? How can that be?
RED RED They call me Red.
RED BED I am in bed.
RED NED TED and ED in BED
PAT PAT they call him Pat.
PAT SAT Pat sat on hat.
PAT CAT Pat sat on cat.
PAT BAT Pat sat on bat.
NO PAT NO Don?????????????????? sit on that.
SAD DAD BAD HAD Dad is sad.
Very very sad.
He had a bad day. What a day Dad had!
THING THING What is that thing? THING SING That thing can sing!
SONG LONG A long long song.
Good by Thing. You sing too long.
WALK WALK We like to walk.
WALK TALK We like to talk.
HOP POP We like to hop.
We like to hop on top of Pop.
STOP You must not hop on Pop.
Mr. BROWN Mrs. BROWN
Mr. Brown upside down.
Pup up. Brown down.
Pup is down. Where is Brown?
WHERE IS BROWN? THERE IS BROWN!
Mr. Brown is out of town.
BACK BLACK Brown came back. Brown came back with Mr. Black.
SNACK SNACK Eat a snack.
Eat a snack with Brown and Black.
JUMP BUMP He jumped. He bumped.
FAST PAST He went past fast.
WENT TENT SENT He went into the tent.
I sent him out of the tent.
WET GET Two dogs get wet.
HELP YELP They yelp for help.
HILL WILL Will went up hill.
WILL HILL STILL Will is up hill still.
FATHER MOTHER SISTER BROTHER
That one is my other brother.
My brothers read a little bit.
Little words like If and it.
My father can read big words too.
Like CONSTANTINOPLE and TIMBUKTU
SAY SAY What does this say?
seehemewepatpup pop
hethreetreebee
tophopstop
Ask me tomorrow but not today.
One fish Two fish Red fish Blue fish
Black fish Blue fish Old fish New fish.
This one has a little car.
This one has a little star.
Say! What a lot of fish there are.
Yes. Some are red and some are blue.
Some are old and some are new.
Some are sad and some are glad
And some are very very bad.
Why are they sad and glad and bad?
I do not know go ask your dad.
Some are thin and some are fat.
The fat one has a yellow hat.
From there to here
From here to there
Funny things are everywhere.
Here are some who like to run.
They run for fun in the hot hot sun.
Oh me! Oh my! Oh me! oh my!
What a lot of funny things go by.
Some have two feet and some have four.
Some have six feet and some have more.
Where do they come from? I cant say.
But I bet they have come a long long way.
we see them come we see them go.
Some are fast. Some are slow.
Some are high. Some are low.
Not one of them is like another.
Dont ask us why go ask your mother.
Say! Look at his fingers!
One two three
How many fingers do I see?
One two three four
five six seven eight nine ten.
He has eleven!
Eleven! This is something new.
I wish I had eleven too!
Bump! Bump! Bump!
Did you ever ride a Wump?
We have a Wump with just one hump.
But we know a man called Mr. Gump.
Mr. gump has a seven hump Wump. So
If you like to go Bump! Bump!
Just jump on the hump of the Wump of Gump
Who am I? My name is Ned
I do not like my little.
This is no good. This is not right.
My feet stick out of bed all night.
And when I pull them in Oh Dear!
My head sticks out of bed up here!
We like our bike. It is made for three.
Our Mike sits up in back you see.
We like our Mike and this is why:
Mike does all the work when the hills get high.
Hello there Ned. How do you do?
Tell me tell me what is new?
How are things in your little bed?
What is new? Please tell me Ned.
I do not like this bed at all.
a lot of things have come to call.
A cow a dog a cat a mouse.
Oh! What a bed! Oh! What a house!
Oh dear oh dear! I cannot hear.
Will you please come over near?
Will you please look in my ear?
There must be something there I fear.
Say look! A bird was in your ear.
But he is out. So have no fear.
Again your ear can hear my dear.
My hat is old my teeth are gold.
I have a bird I like to hold.
My shoe is off my foot is cold.
My shoe is off my foot is cold.
I have a bird I like to hold.
My hat is old my teeth are gold.
And now my story is all told.
We took a look. We saw a Nook.
On his head he had a hook.
On his hook he had a book.
On his book was How to Cook
We saw him sit and try to cook
But a Nook cant read so a Nook cant Cook.
SO
What good to a Nook is a hook cook book?
the moon was out and we saw some sheep.
We saw some sheep take a walk in their sleep.
by the light of the moon by the light of a star;
They walked all night from near to far.
I would never walk. I would take a car.
I do not like this one so well.
all he does is yell yell yell.
I will not have this one about.
When he comes in I put him out.
This one is quiet as a mouse.
I like to have him in the house.
At our house we open cans.
We have to open many cans.
and that is why we have a Zans.
A Zans for cans is very good.
Have you a Zans for cans? You should.
I like to box. How I like to box.
So every day I box a Gox.
In yellow socks I box my Gox.
I box in yellow Gox box socks.
It is fun to sing if you sing with a Ying.
My Ying can sing like anything.
I sing high and my Ying sings low.
And we are not too bad you know.
this one I think is called a Yink.
he likes to wink he likes to drink.
He likes to drink and drink and drink.
the thing he likes to drink is ink.
The ink he likes to drink is pink.
He likes to wink and drink pink ink.
SO
If you have a lot of ink
you should get a Yink I think.
Hop hop hop! I am a Yop
All I like to do is hop
From finger top to finger top.
I hop from left to right and then
Hop hop! I hop right back again.
I like to hop all day and night.
From right to left and left to right.
Why do I like to hop hop hop?
I do not know. Go ask your Pop.
Brush brush brush brush
Comb comb comb comb
Blue hair is fun to brush and comb.
All girls who like to brush and comb
Should have a pet like this at home.
Who is this pet? Say! He is wet.
You never yet met a pet I bet
As wet as they let this wet pet get.
Did you ever fly a kite in bed?
did you ever walk with ten cats on your head?
Did you ever milk this kind of cow?
Well we can do it. We know how.
If you never did you should.
These things are fun and fun is good.
Hello hello. Are you there?
Hello! I called you up to say hello.
I said Hello.
Can you hear me Joe?
Oh no I cannot hear your call.
I cannot hear your call at all.
This is not good and I know why.
A mouse has cut the wire goodbye!
From near to far from here to there
Funny things are everywhere.
These yellow pets are called the Zeds.
They have one hair upon their heads.
Their hair grows fast. So fast they say
They need a haircut every day.
Who am I? My name is Ish
On my hand I have a dish.
I have this dish to help me wish.
When I wish to make a wish
I wave my hand with a big swish swish.
Then I say I wish for fish!
And I get fish right on my dish.
So
If you wish to make a wish
you may swish for fish with my Ish wish dish.
At our house we play out back.
We play a game called ring the Gack.
Would you like to play this game?
Come down! We have the only Gack in town.
Look what we found in the park in the dark.
We will take him home we will call him Clark.
He will live at our house he will grow and grow.
Will our mother like this? We dont know.
And now Good night.
It is time to sleep
So we will sleep with our pet Zeep.
Today is gone. Today was fun.
Tomorrow is another one.
Every day from here to there.
funny things are everywhere.

